1 The Sting, Say Anything..., Ghostbusters, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Good Morning, Vietnam, and Stand by Me are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Big
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, 1980s, 80s, Elizabeth Perkins, Penny Marshall
3 I like Albert Brooks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Modern Romance

1 Gladiator, Pulp Fiction, Slumdog Millionaire, 12 Angry Men, Reservoir Dogs, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Boondock Saints are films I liked. I'm looking for a Guy Ritchie movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Ritchie

1 I loved The Patriot, Life Is Beautiful, North by Northwest, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Citizen Kane, Shane, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a War movie.	Casablanca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, War, nazis, Love, africa, hollywood, Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Michael Curtiz, best picture, stage, nazi, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, bogart, Play, Paul Henreid
3 I like Frank Lloyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cavalcade

1 Jaws, Miracle on 34th Street, Psycho, My Fair Lady, Dead Poets Society, The Pelican Brief, and Harvey are films I like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Gone with the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor, Victor Fleming, Sam Wood
3 I prefer Silvio Soldini movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bread and Tulips

1 I really liked Man of the West, Winchester '73, The Passion of Joan of Arc, Morocco, The Battle of Algiers, Le Bonheur, and Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia. I'm looking for a Good movie.	They All Laughed
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Bogdanovich
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Rear Window, Taxi Driver, Lawrence of Arabia, Casablanca, Oldboy, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are movies I loved. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Rashomon
2 What else is that about?	japan, masterpiece, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I prefer Kenji Mizoguchi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Osaka Elegy

1 I loved The Great Escape, The Karate Kid, The Princess Bride, Frequency, JFK, The Philadelphia Story, and Toy Story 3. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Muppet Treasure Island
2 Who does that star?	Billy Connolly, Tim Curry, Jennifer Saunders, Kevin Bishop
3 I prefer Salma Hayek movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bandidas

1 Philadelphia, Rain Man, The Fugitive, Dead Man Walking, Full Metal Jacket, Kids, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	Pump Up the Volume
2 Who does that star?	Christian Slater
3 I rate Winona Ryder movies. Any other suggestions?	Heathers

1 The Secret of NIMH, Traffic, Reservoir Dogs, Crash, American History X, The Godfather, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Juno
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, original, teen, pregnancy, Ellen Page, Michael Cera, Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner, teenager, Jason Reitman
3 I rate Fun movies. Any other suggestions?	Veronica Mars

1 The Shining, Backdraft, Catch Me If You Can, Vertigo, The Pianist, Basic Instinct, and The Talented Mr. Ripley are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an arnold movie.	Pumping Iron
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, bodybuilding
3 I rate John Milius movies. Any other suggestions?	Conan the Barbarian

1 The Bridges of Madison County, The American President, Sabrina, Twister, Jurassic Park, Hackers, and I Love Trouble are films I liked. I'm looking for a Michael Keaton movie.	Speechless
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Underwood
3 I prefer Barbet Schroeder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Desperate Measures

1 Gladiator, My Cousin Vinny, The Patriot, True Lies, Get Shorty, Shakespeare in Love, and Pretty Woman are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Robert Zemeckis, Kathleen Turner
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	King Solomon's Mines

1 Stargate, Forrest Gump, The Princess Bride, Singin' in the Rain, Batman, Willow, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Guns of Navarone

1 Boogie Nights, Pulp Fiction, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Quiz Show, Full Metal Jacket, Blue Velvet, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	A Brief History of Time
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Hawking
3 I rate Elton John movies. Any other suggestions?	LennoNYC

1 The Year of Living Dangerously, Young Frankenstein, Roman Holiday, The Dirty Dozen, To Catch a Thief, Air Force One, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody
3 I like Sam Claflin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Snow White and the Huntsman

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail and My Neighbor Totoro are movies I like. I'm looking for a Priest movie.	Letters to Father Jacob
2 Who is that directed by?	Klaus Härö
3 I like Robert Bresson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Diary of a Country Priest

1 Monsters, Inc., Batman Begins, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Night Watch, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Tremors, and Spider-Man 2 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a space movie.	The Last Starfighter
2 Who does that star?	Dan O'Herlihy, Lance Guest, Kay E. Kuter
3 I prefer Mel Brooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spaceballs

1 Apollo 13, Enemy at the Gates, Gladiator, The Shawshank Redemption, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	The Illusionist
2 What else is that about?	Magic, Edward Norton, Paul Giamatti, Jessica Biel, vienna, Neil Burger
3 I like Jon Turteltaub movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sorcerer's Apprentice

1 I really liked Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Apocalypse Now, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, and Fargo. I'm looking for a r movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer Quentin Tarantino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grindhouse

1 Under Siege, Black Rain, Die Hard, Con Air, A History of Violence, Heartbreak Ridge, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Emily Mortimer movie.	Harry Brown
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer
3 I like Ryan Reynolds movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chaos Theory

1 I really liked Demolition Man, Mrs. Doubtfire, Carlito's Way, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Crimson Tide, Casino, and The Piano. I'm looking for a soccer movie.	The Big Green
2 Who does that star?	Steve Guttenberg, Olivia d'Abo
3 I like Stephen Chow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kung Fu Hustle

1 Microcosmos, Dead Man, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, American Psycho, Safe, SLC Punk!, and Chocolat are movies I really like. I'm looking for a dark movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I prefer Jonathan Liebesman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Darkness Falls

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Million Dollar Baby, City of God, Memento, Unforgiven, The Usual Suspects, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Unforgiven
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I prefer Howard Hawks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rio Bravo

1 The Matrix, Fight Club, My Cousin Vinny, The Terminator, Meet the Parents, Shrek, and School of Rock are films I really liked. I'm looking for a David S. Ward movie.	Major League
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, baseball, David S. Ward, cleveland
3 I rate Submarine movies. Any other suggestions?	Down Periscope

1 The Dark Knight, Sin City, Back to the Future, Fido, Rashomon, The Last King of Scotland, and The Dark Knight Rises are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Repulsion
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Deneuve, Yvonne Furneaux, Ian Hendry, John Fraser
3 I rate Herbert Lom movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ladykillers

1 I watched the films Dangerous Liaisons, Tequila Sunrise, The Big Chill, Four Weddings and a Funeral, When Harry Met Sally..., My Blue Heaven, and Sabrina and loved them. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Hotel de Love
2 Who is that directed by?	Craig Rosenberg

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Magnolia, Gandhi, Bowling for Columbine, The Blues Brothers, Office Space, and High Fidelity are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	Bottle Rocket
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I like Joe Russo movies more. Do you know anything else?	You, Me and Dupree

1 The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Everyone Says I Love You, Breaking the Waves, The African Queen, Vampire in Brooklyn, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Multiplicity are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Journey of August King
2 Who does that star?	Thandie Newton, Jason Patric
3 I like Lara Flynn Boyle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Land of the Blind

1 The Usual Suspects, Magnolia, Fight Club, Batman Begins, Back to the Future, Mr. Nobody, and Memento are films I like. I'm looking for an Iron Man movie.	Iron Man 2
2 What else is that about?	superhero, sequel, Samuel L. Jackson, Scarlett Johansson, marvel, Sam Rockwell, Gwyneth Paltrow, Mickey Rourke, Don Cheadle, marvel cinematic universe, Iron Man, Jon Favreau
3 I like Rebecca Hall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Iron Man 3

1 Saving Private Ryan, Beverly Hills Cop II, Gladiator, and The Da Vinci Code are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edward Zwick movie.	Defiance
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, r, germany, Daniel Craig, jews, Edward Zwick, partisans
3 I prefer Anthony Hopkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Legends of the Fall

1 I like Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Dark Knight, Braveheart, The Godfather, Apocalypse Now, Gladiator, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Demons movie.	The Evil Dead
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I prefer Francis Lawrence movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Constantine

1 Schindler's List, Wayne's World, Bad Lieutenant, Serpico, Gandhi, The Seventh Seal, and The Wizard of Oz are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 What else is that about?	Drama, George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, disaster, John C. Reilly, Wolfgang Petersen, Diane Lane, american, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I like ocean movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Abyss

1 It Happened One Night, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Vanya on 42nd Street, M, The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, Midnight Cowboy, and Annie Hall are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Nosferatu
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For Pete's Sake

1 I love The Peacemaker, Memento, Princess Mononoke, Amélie, The Matrix, The Siege, and The Incredibles. I'm looking for an Alan Moore movie.	Constantine
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Lawrence
3 I prefer Zack Snyder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Watchmen

1 I love The Fifth Element, Legend, The Last Unicorn, Howl's Moving Castle, The Princess Bride, Willow, and Labyrinth. I'm looking for a hugo award movie.	Stardust
2 Who is that directed by?	Matthew Vaughn
3 I rate Robert Zemeckis movies. Any other suggestions?	Contact

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Die Hard, Aliens, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Sound of Music are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Linda Hamilton movie.	Dante's Peak
2 Who does that star?	Pierce Brosnan, Linda Hamilton, Jamie Renée Smith, Jeremy Foley
3 I like Arnold Schwarzenegger movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Terminator

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Muppet Movie, Airplane!, In the Heat of the Night, The Shining, The Shawshank Redemption, and Happy Gilmore are movies I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Magnificent Seven
2 Who does that star?	Eli Wallach, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner
3 I prefer Richard Crenna movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Catlow

1 The Secret Garden, The Fugitive, Fatal Attraction, Hard Boiled, Extremities, Speed, and The Hunt for Red October are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Moll Flanders
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Robin Wright
3 I like Christian Bale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Batman Begins

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Babe, Speed, Richard III, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I like Ben Palmer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Inbetweeners Movie

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, Clear and Present Danger, Taxi Driver, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I prefer Grace Kelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dial M for Murder

1 I loved Saving Private Ryan, The Terminator, Thunderball, Willow, The Fifth Element, Sleepy Hollow, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dvd, Romantic Comedy, Steve Carell, sex, Judd Apatow
3 I like Jack Lemmon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Great Race

1 The French Connection, All the King's Men, Tom Jones, The Deer Hunter, Hamlet, Annie Hall, and Patton are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gentleman's Agreement
2 What else is that about?	Gregory Peck, anti-semitism, Elia Kazan
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Splendor in the Grass

1 I really liked Airplane!, American History X, Bringing Out the Dead, Field of Dreams, Shadow of a Doubt, The Manchurian Candidate, and Tombstone. I'm looking for a noir movie.	The Killing
2 What else is that about?	Stanley Kubrick, noir, Sterling Hayden
3 I prefer Phil Karlson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kansas City Confidential

1 Kansas City Confidential, Diner, The Body Snatcher, Forbidden Games, Key Largo, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	A Canterbury Tale
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Tanner Hall

1 I love Mrs. Doubtfire, Forrest Gump, Nell, Pretty Woman, The Mask, First Knight, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I like David Fincher movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button

1 The Secret Garden, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Little Women, Chicken Run, North by Northwest, 12 Angry Men, and MASH are films I really liked. I'm looking for a robert downey jr movie.	Heart and Souls
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Ron Underwood
3 I rate shakespeare movies. Any other suggestions?	Richard III

1 Jaws, Gods and Monsters, Rear Window, Harvey, Stand by Me, Gilda, and Cinema Paradiso are films I liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	He Loves Me... He Loves Me Not
2 What else is that about?	French, Audrey Tautou, erotomania
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Zero for Conduct

1 Beauty and the Beast, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, Mrs. Doubtfire, Crimson Tide, Dances with Wolves, and Clear and Present Danger are films I liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Lion King
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I prefer Don Hall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Winnie the Pooh

1 Crimson Tide, The Firm, Beauty and the Beast, Pulp Fiction, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, and The Lion King are films I liked. I'm looking for a futuristic movie.	Waterworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Reynolds
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sleeper

1 Raising Arizona, Fargo, Moonstruck, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Silence of the Lambs, The Matrix, and Stardust Memories are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Never Been Kissed
2 Who is that directed by?	Raja Gosnell
3 I like Chris Sanders movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Croods

1 Pulp Fiction, The Wizard of Oz, The Crying Game, The Big Chill, Citizen Kane, Being John Malkovich, and In the Name of the Father are films I love. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I rate Romany Malco movies. Any other suggestions?	The Love Guru

1 Philadelphia, Die Hard, Casablanca, Citizen Kane, To Kill a Mockingbird, Young Frankenstein, and Dead Man Walking are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Raising Arizona
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, John Goodman, Holly Hunter
3 I like Kiefer Sutherland movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flashback

1 Fitzcarraldo, Wild Strawberries, Ikiru, The Last Temptation of Christ, Belle de Jour, North by Northwest, and 12 Angry Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Mirror
2 Who is that directed by?	Jafar Panahi

1 I loved American History X, Inception, The Fighter, Fight Club, The Dark Knight, Schindler's List, and Memento. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I rate lesbian movies. Any other suggestions?	Bound

1 I like Office Space, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Donnie Darko, Amélie, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Green Mile, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a William Dieterle movie.	Dark City
2 Who is that directed by?	William Dieterle
3 I prefer Max Reinhardt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Midsummer Night's Dream

1 I love Inception, The Fifth Element, Signs, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Willow, The Lion King, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a children movie.	Hook
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Steven Spielberg, Robin Williams, children, spielberg, Dustin Hoffman, Julia Roberts, Peter Pan, Maggie Smith, Bob Hoskins
3 I prefer nanny movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mary Poppins

1 I like Back to the Future, Deep Impact, Groundhog Day, The Sting, Ratatouille, Princess Mononoke, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Macbeth
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, own, Roman Polanski
3 I prefer Kenneth Branagh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love's Labour's Lost

1 Seven Samurai, Jaws, No Way Out, Dead Calm, Apocalypse Now, Little Big Man, and Three Kings are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Schlesinger movie.	Midnight Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, best picture, Jon Voight, John Schlesinger
3 I like Secrets movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Falcon and the Snowman

1 Carlito's Way, Minority Report, Lost Highway, The Silence of the Lambs, Oldboy, Inception, and Jaws are films I really liked. I'm looking for a jay and silent bob movie.	Clerks II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, sequel, Kevin Smith, view askew, jay and silent bob, Rosario Dawson, Jason Mewes
3 I like star wars movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, City of God, and Amélie. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Lives of Others
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, germany, art, German, berlin, foreign, stasi, deutsch, Martina Gedeck, human
3 I prefer George Clooney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Burn After Reading

1 Dracula, Contact, The Fifth Element, Gattaca, The Matrix, Superman, and The Exorcist are films I like. I'm looking for a Michael Radford movie.	Nineteen Eighty-Four
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Radford

1 The Guns of Navarone, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Time Bandits, Jaws, Starship Troopers, and A Christmas Story are films I love. I'm looking for a J. Lee Thompson movie.	Battle for the Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	J. Lee Thompson
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Guns of Navarone

1 The Boondock Saints, A Time to Kill, Jurassic Park, Armageddon, American History X, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, murder, Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, courtroom, courtroom drama, lawyers, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland, court, Demi Moore, lawyer, Rob Reiner, law, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Pollak, cruise
3 I like Vincent Cassel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brotherhood of the Wolf

1 Down by Law, It's a Wonderful Life, Highlander, Casablanca, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Killing Fields, and True Romance are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I rate court movies. Any other suggestions?	Breaker Morant

1 Brazil, Lawrence of Arabia, Sleeper, The Blues Brothers, A Grand Day Out, Aliens, and Alien are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I rate Steve Zahn movies. Any other suggestions?	Reality Bites

1 I love Brotherhood of the Wolf, Princess Mononoke, Seven Samurai, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hot Fuzz
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Police, Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Edgar Wright, cornetto trilogy
3 I like Michael Palin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fierce Creatures

1 Love Actually, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Alice in Wonderland, and District 9 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	10 Things I Hate About You
2 Who is that directed by?	Gil Junger
3 I prefer Howard Hawks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	To Have and Have Not

1 The Tailor of Panama, La Femme Nikita, The Big Easy, Fight Club, Toy Story, Drowning by Numbers, and The Maltese Falcon are films I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Pale Rider
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood
3 I like Audie Murphy movies more. Do you know anything else?	40 Guns to Apache Pass

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Cyrano de Bergerac, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Memento, Reservoir Dogs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Monica Bellucci movie.	The Apartment
2 What else is that about?	Monica Bellucci
3 I rate Giuseppe Tornatore movies. Any other suggestions?	Malèna

1 Gone with the Wind, Lost in Translation, As Good as It Gets, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Terms of Endearment, Man on the Moon, and Life Is Beautiful are films I loved. I'm looking for a Scarlett Johansson movie.	Girl with a Pearl Earring
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Webber
3 I rate Paul Weitz movies. Any other suggestions?	In Good Company

1 The Matrix, The King and I, Winter's Bone, Lincoln, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Whale Rider, and Fargo are films I really like. I'm looking for a Hirokazu Koreeda movie.	After Life
2 What else is that about?	japan, Hirokazu Koreeda
3 I like Tadanobu Asano movies more. Do you know anything else?	Maborosi

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Legends of the Fall, It's a Wonderful Life, The Crow, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Threesome, and Dead Poets Society are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Magnificent Seven
2 Who does that star?	Eli Wallach, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner
3 I like Michael Callan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cat Ballou

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, Good Will Hunting, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Forrest Gump, A League of Their Own, Fantasia, and Field of Dreams. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Driving Miss Daisy
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, Bruce Beresford, Jessica Tandy
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Life as We Know It

1 Tank Girl, Office Space, It's All Gone Pete Tong, and Blade Runner are movies I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Factotum
2 Who does that star?	Matt Dillon
3 I prefer Ricardo Darín movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Son of the Bride

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Truman Show, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Dark Knight
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I prefer Mike Mitchell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sky High

1 I like Diamonds Are Forever, Burnt Offerings, When Worlds Collide, Once Upon a Time in the West, Airplane!, Westworld, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Kevin Pollak movie.	Deterrence
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Pollak
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cop Out

1 The Usual Suspects, Memento, American Beauty, Forrest Gump, Lone Star, Jaws, and The Brother from Another Planet are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Brian De Palma movie.	Phantom of the Paradise
2 What else is that about?	Brian De Palma
3 I rate Hilary Swank movies. Any other suggestions?	The Black Dahlia

1 I like Leaving Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, Heat, The Remains of the Day, Quiz Show, In the Line of Fire, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep
3 I like Denis Lavant movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boy Meets Girl

1 Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Rashomon, Galaxy Quest, His Girl Friday, Happiness, and Diner are movies I love. I'm looking for an Andrew Fleming movie.	Dick
2 What else is that about?	richard nixon, watergate, Andrew Fleming
3 I rate Skeet Ulrich movies. Any other suggestions?	The Craft

1 Platoon, Schindler's List, Nobody's Fool, My Family, The American President, Shall We Dance?, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Primary Colors
2 What else is that about?	politics, r, John Travolta, Emma Thompson, Billy Bob Thornton, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once

1 L.A. Confidential, Little Voice, Sling Blade, Edge of Seventeen, Fargo, Fight Club, and American Beauty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Angel Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Rymer
3 I rate Robert Mulligan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rat Race

1 Full Metal Jacket, A Streetcar Named Desire, Solaris, Heat, Stalker, Vertigo, and Bonnie and Clyde are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a 1.5 movie.	The Confessional
2 Who does that star?	Kristin Scott Thomas, Lothaire Bluteau

1 I really like Reservoir Dogs, The Royal Tenenbaums, Rosemary's Baby, Manhattan, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Before Sunset, and The 400 Blows. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sideways
2 What else is that about?	Road Trip, romantic, Paul Giamatti, wine, Sandra Oh, Alexander Payne, Thomas Haden Church
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Annie Hall

1 I really like The French Connection, Patton, A Christmas Story, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Crimson Tide, The Purple Rose of Cairo, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for an u-boat movie.	U-571
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Submarine, u-boat
3 I rate German movies. Any other suggestions?	Das Boot

1 The Next Karate Kid, Heavy Metal, Made in America, Beverly Hills Cop III, Coneheads, The Crow, and Balto are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Serial Mom
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, dark comedy, John Waters
3 I like Catherine Keener movies more. Do you know anything else?	Living in Oblivion

1 The Apartment, Mostly Martha, Central Station, Buena Vista Social Club, All About Eve, Some Like It Hot, and The Ice Storm are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a death movie.	Ponette
2 Who does that star?	Victoire Thivisol
3 I prefer Robert Stephens movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Asphyx

1 I love A Fish Called Wanda, Big Night, Burnt by the Sun, Arsenic and Old Lace, Alien, Wings of Desire, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hear My Song
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Chelsom
3 I prefer Craig Mazin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Superhero Movie

1 Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, The Fugitive, Clueless, The Lion King, Speed, and GoldenEye are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Mask
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Greene, Peter Riegert
3 I rate Maeve Dermody movies. Any other suggestions?	Griff the Invisible

1 Tapeheads, Escape from New York, The Little Princess, Victor Victoria, The Coca-Cola Kid, Edward Scissorhands, and Orlando are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Two Mules for Sister Sara
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Siegel
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Gran Torino

1 I really like UHF, The Running Man, Grumpier Old Men, North by Northwest, The Nutty Professor, Little Shop of Horrors, and Arsenic and Old Lace. I'm looking for a Danny McBride movie.	Land of the Lost
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I prefer Ruben Fleischer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	30 Minutes or Less

1 The Pursuit of Happyness, Saving Private Ryan, The Bourne Supremacy, The Dark Knight, The Incredibles, The Matrix, and Goodfellas are films I like. I'm looking for an Andy Lau movie.	Infernal Affairs
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Police, story, remade, hong kong, foreign language, Andy Lau, tony leung
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	House of Flying Daggers

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, Batman, Toy Story, The Fugitive, and Jurassic Park are films I liked. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I prefer south movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone with the Wind

1 I liked Strange Days, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, The Crow, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Speed movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I prefer utah movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The World's Fastest Indian

1 Jurassic Park, Catch Me If You Can, Groundhog Day, Braveheart, Back to the Future, The Matrix, and The Shining are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zapped!
2 Who does that star?	Scott Baio
3 I like Dennis Quaid movies more. Do you know anything else?	Undercover Blues

1 The Terminator, Alien, Blade Runner, Highlander, Waterworld, Ghost, and Dracula are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Time to Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer Kelly Reichardt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wendy and Lucy

1 Evita, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Oscar and Lucinda, I Shot Andy Warhol, The Year of Living Dangerously, American Beauty, and Tin Men are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	The Sheltering Sky
2 What else is that about?	John Malkovich, Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Killing Fields

1 Braveheart, The Sixth Sense, The Poseidon Adventure, Top Gun, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, and Out of Africa are movies I like. I'm looking for a bond movie.	GoldenEye
2 Who does that star?	Pierce Brosnan
3 I like Roger Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	For Your Eyes Only

1 Alien, The Princess Bride, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Usual Suspects, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Jean de Florette, and Gladiator are movies I liked. I'm looking for a 4 movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 What else is that about?	4, Philip Kaufman, prague, Milan Kundera
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Seven Samurai

1 Patch Adams, American Beauty, Dial M for Murder, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, City of God, and Elizabeth are movies I loved. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	Kalifornia
2 Who is that directed by?	Dominic Sena
3 I rate Rigoberto Castañeda movies. Any other suggestions?	Blackout

1 Philadelphia, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Silence of the Lambs, Shadowlands, Don Juan DeMarco, and Jurassic Park are films I love. I'm looking for a madness movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner

1 I love Goodfellas, Braveheart, A Few Good Men, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, Taxi Driver, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a 1980s movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Coraci
3 I prefer Danny Boyle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trainspotting

1 Clerks, The Brothers McMullen, Blade Runner, The Truman Show, Cinema Paradiso, Wayne's World, and Driving Miss Daisy are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bowfinger
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, hollywood, Eddie Murphy, Steve Martin, Frank Oz
3 I prefer canadian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fido

1 I really like Raiders of the Lost Ark, Goodfellas, A Christmas Story, The Usual Suspects, Days of Heaven, The Breakfast Club, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a post-modern movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, Toy Story, Jumanji, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Beauty and the Beast, Ghost, and Aladdin are films I like. I'm looking for a Christina Ricci movie.	Casper
2 What else is that about?	Family, ghosts, Christina Ricci, Ghost, Eric Idle
3 I prefer Anne Heche movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prozac Nation

1 The Godfather, Heat, The Silence of the Lambs, Psycho, Braveheart, Die Hard, and The Exorcist are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rain Man
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Tom Cruise, Dustin Hoffman, Barry Levinson, Valeria Golino
3 I like Manoel de Oliveira movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Strange Case of Angelica

1 Breaker Morant, An Ideal Husband, Swept Away, The Terminator, The French Connection, The Godfather, and Cool Hand Luke are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Searchers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Western, John Wayne, vistavision, John Ford
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Confessions

1 City Hall, Vampire in Brooklyn, Miami Rhapsody, Restoration, It's My Party, The Juror, and Primal Fear are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Feeling Minnesota
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Baigelman
3 I prefer Leo McCarey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Honeymoon

1 I really like High Noon, Planet of the Apes, Anastasia, How Green Was My Valley, Charade, Yellow Submarine, and The African Queen. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Igby Goes Down
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Goldblum, Claire Danes, Kieran Culkin, Ryan Phillippe
3 I rate Rowan Atkinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Bean

1 Nineteen Eighty-Four, Magnolia, A Bronx Tale, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Inception, 21 Grams, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Aliens
2 What else is that about?	Action, Aliens, Horror, franchise, sequel, science fiction, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, James Cameron, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, Paul Reiser, planet
3 I prefer James Earl Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold

1 I loved The Mask of Zorro, The Silence of the Lambs, Chariots of Fire, The Hurricane, The Full Monty, Farewell My Concubine, and The Fisher King. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Children of a Lesser God
2 What else is that about?	r, Love Story, deafness
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Crimes and Misdemeanors

1 I liked Fiddler on the Roof, A Room with a View, To Kill a Mockingbird, The King and I, Ordinary People, My Life as a Dog, and Ocean's Eleven. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I prefer Dustin Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wag the Dog

1 Goodfellas, Demolition Man, Maverick, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Wizard of Oz, The Fifth Element, and The Client are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lloyd, Bob Hoskins, Joanna Cassidy, Charles Fleischer
3 I like Patrick Warburton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hoodwinked!

1 The American President, The Last of the Mohicans, Braveheart, Unforgiven, Murder in the First, Titanic, and Menace II Society are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Message in a Bottle
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Paul Newman, Robin Wright
3 I like Abigail Breslin movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Reservations

1 I like Bend It Like Beckham, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, Say Anything..., Strangers on a Train, Groundhog Day, Remember the Titans, and Peter Pan. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flubber
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, Les Mayfield
3 I like Jim Carrey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Horton Hears a Who!

1 Goodfellas, The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a favelas movie.	City of God
2 Who does that star?	Douglas Silva, Leandro Firmino, Alexandre Rodrigues

1 Monsters, Inc., Dune, Mars Attacks!, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Buffalo '66, The Matrix, and Gosford Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Escape from the Planet of the Apes
2 Who does that star?	Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman

1 The Breakfast Club, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Clockwork Orange, The Contender, Being John Malkovich, The Red Violin, and Gettysburg are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Kirstie Alley movie.	Look Who's Talking
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like Michael Crichton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Runaway

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, Almost Famous, Magnolia, Big, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Ghostbusters, and Eyes Wide Shut are films I like. I'm looking for a microsoft movie.	Pirates of Silicon Valley
2 Who is that directed by?	Martyn Burke

1 I really liked Titanic, A Streetcar Named Desire, Parenthood, Audrey Rose, The Game, The Fox and the Hound, and The Pianist. I'm looking for a Jackie Chan movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Chan, Anita Mui
3 I like Chris Tucker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rush Hour 2

1 The Avengers, The Shawshank Redemption, Leaving Las Vegas, and Titanic are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Blind Side
2 What else is that about?	sports, Sandra Bullock, football, adoption, Tim McGraw, John Lee Hancock
3 I rate japan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wind Rises

1 I really like Broken Arrow, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Jerry Maguire, Die Hard, Independence Day, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 Who is that directed by?	Renny Harlin
3 I like Kasi Lemmons movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eve's Bayou

1 The Last Samurai, It's a Wonderful Life, Jurassic Park, The Godfather, Conspiracy Theory, Constantine, and Notting Hill are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Rules of Engagement
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I rate Raymond Bernard movies. Any other suggestions?	Wooden Crosses

1 The Godfather and A Clockwork Orange are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Mulholland Drive
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Thriller, Mystery, ending, los angeles, amnesia, David Lynch, hollywood, Naomi Watts, lynch, cryptic
3 I like soundtrack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jaws

1 I really liked L.A. Story, The Birdcage, Run Lola Run, The Full Monty, Grosse Pointe Blank, Back to the Future, and Rush Hour. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, John Goodman, John Turturro, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I prefer Juan Diego movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cabeza de Vaca

1 28 Weeks Later, American History X, Zombieland, The Dark Knight, Tremors, Sin City, and Akira are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Music, cult, Edgar Wright
3 I prefer Lindsay Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	O Lucky Man!

1 I loved The Sting, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Dances with Wolves, Crimson Tide, Forrest Gump, The Sound of Music, and Courage Under Fire. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The 39 Steps
2 Who does that star?	Patrick Malahide, David Haig, Lydia Leonard

1 I liked Notorious, Strangers on a Train, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Sabrina, Pulp Fiction, The Return of Martin Guerre, and Spellbound. I'm looking for a William Dieterle movie.	The Life of Emile Zola
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, William Dieterle
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Portrait of Jennie

1 While You Were Sleeping, Shrek, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando
3 I prefer Daniel Huttlestone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Into the Woods

1 Sleepless in Seattle, Sense and Sensibility, Leaving Las Vegas, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Mr. Holland's Opus, and A Walk in the Clouds are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Unstrung Heroes
2 Who is that directed by?	Diane Keaton
3 I prefer Susan Seidelman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Desperately Seeking Susan

1 Up, The Pursuit of Happyness, X-Men, Inglourious Basterds, Looper, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, and Wreck-It Ralph are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edgar Wright movie.	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Music, cult, Edgar Wright
3 I like Nick Frost movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shaun of the Dead

1 Roman Holiday, Night of the Living Dead, Harold and Maude, Kramer vs. Kramer, Glory, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Ben-Hur are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mike Nichols movie.	Carnal Knowledge
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer book movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Catch-22

1 District 9, Puss in Boots, Cloud Atlas, The Prestige, Edge of Tomorrow, Amélie, and The Fountain are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Epic
2 Who does that star?	Aziz Ansari
3 I prefer Basil Rathbone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mark of Zorro

1 Seven Pounds, Identity, Kramer vs. Kramer, District 9, Toy Story, Ratatouille, and Frailty are movies I like. I'm looking for a Rose McGowan movie.	Scream
2 What else is that about?	Horror, High School, slasher, united states, Wes Craven, Neve Campbell, Rose McGowan, Skeet Ulrich
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Planet Terror

1 I liked The Wrong Trousers, American Beauty, Run Lola Run, A Bug's Life, Monsters, Inc., Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Joan Cusack movie.	Toys
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Music, Robin Williams, Joan Cusack
3 I rate Tom Arnold movies. Any other suggestions?	Nine Months

1 I watched the films Saving Private Ryan, Private Parts, Back to the Future, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Kingpin, Braveheart, and American Pie and loved them. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	Carlito's Way
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Viggo Mortensen, Brian De Palma
3 I prefer Claire Danes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's All About Love

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, An American Werewolf in London, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, The Natural, Henry V, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	My Dog Skip
2 Who is that directed by?	Jay Russell
3 I prefer Dale Rosenbloom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shiloh

1 A Perfect Murder, The Big Blue, What Women Want, Desperado, Wall Street, Payback, and Jerry Maguire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Little Buddha
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Chris Isaak
3 I like Adrien Brody movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pianist

1 The Seventh Seal, Back to the Future, The Terminator, L.A. Confidential, Blue Velvet, The Wrong Trousers, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Touch of Evil
2 Who is that directed by?	Orson Welles
3 I like Mora Stephens movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zipper

1 Patton, Little Big Man, The Daytrippers, The Red Violin, Yojimbo, Strictly Ballroom, and Chungking Express are movies I like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Theory of Flight
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Greengrass

1 I really liked Breaking the Waves, The Birds, Goodfellas, Gattaca, West Side Story, North by Northwest, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Walkabout
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Nicolas Roeg, Jenny Agutter
3 I like Eric Bana movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chopper

1 Sleepless in Seattle, Jerry Maguire, Basic Instinct, Enemy of the State, You've Got Mail, Dave, and Double Jeopardy are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mercury Rising
2 What else is that about?	Bruce Willis, autism, Harold Becker
3 I rate assassin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Terminator

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Vertigo, Titanic, The Bridges of Madison County, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Paths of Glory, and MASH are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I like Ken Annakin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking

1 The Terminator, Ocean's Eleven, Ghostbusters, Annie Hall, Requiem for a Dream, About Schmidt, and Harvey are movies I like. I'm looking for a jesse ventura movie.	Predator
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Alien, Carl Weathers, Predator, John McTiernan, jesse ventura, the story

1 Shakespeare in Love, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Bourne Supremacy, Never Been Kissed, Sense and Sensibility, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Casino Royale are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dear Frankie
2 Who is that directed by?	Shona Auerbach
3 I prefer Claude Jutra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mon oncle Antoine

1 American Beauty, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Hang 'Em High, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Sleepless in Seattle, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 What else is that about?	High School, ensemble cast, teen, Ben Affleck, Milla Jovovich, Matthew McConaughey, Richard Linklater
3 I prefer Brendan Fraser movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blast from the Past

1 On Golden Pond, Erin Brockovich, Shrek, Basic Instinct, Braveheart, The Mummy, and Chicken Run are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Danny DeVito movie.	Drowning Mona
2 What else is that about?	Danny DeVito
3 I like Divorce movies more. Do you know anything else?	The War of the Roses

1 I really like The Wizard of Oz, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, Cinderella, Pretty Woman, Air Force One, and Sommersby. I'm looking for a Jennifer Connelly movie.	Labyrinth
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Henson
3 I like Shane Acker movies more. Do you know anything else?	9

1 I like The American President, In the Line of Fire, Beauty and the Beast, Get Shorty, The Silence of the Lambs, Dave, and Braveheart. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Mortal Kombat
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Fighting, Christopher Lambert
3 I prefer William A. Wellman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beau Geste

1 I really liked Shrek 2, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Bambi, Young Frankenstein, Porco Rosso, Shrek, and My Neighbor Totoro. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Meet the Robinsons
2 Who does that star?	Angela Bassett, Jordan Fry
3 I rate Billy Connolly movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ballad of Nessie

1 The Jerk, Bob Roberts, The 400 Blows, Solaris, The City of Lost Children, The Matrix, and A Clockwork Orange are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Vampires movie.	Near Dark
2 What else is that about?	dark, Vampires, Western, vampire, Kathryn Bigelow
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fearless Vampire Killers

1 Stargate, The Thing, Aliens, Braveheart, Independence Day, Back to the Future Part III, and X-Men are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Fly
2 What else is that about?	remade
3 I prefer Subway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three

1 The Matrix, The Usual Suspects, Young Frankenstein, A Few Good Men, The Dark Knight, Toy Story, and Schindler's List are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Dirty Dozen
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Aldrich
3 I prefer Christopher Crowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Off Limits

1 I really like Four Weddings and a Funeral, His Girl Friday, Unforgiven, Waiting for Guffman, Harold and Maude, The Dreamlife of Angels, and 8½. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Children of Heaven
2 What else is that about?	children, iran, Majid Majidi, shoes
3 I rate Melville Shavelson movies. Any other suggestions?	Yours, Mine and Ours

1 I really liked Amistad, Poltergeist, About Schmidt, The Insider, When Harry Met Sally..., Back to the Future, and Lincoln. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Looking for Richard
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, shakespeare
3 I rate Werner Herzog movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Ecstasy of Woodcarver Steiner

1 I loved The Butterfly Effect, Sherlock Holmes, The Matrix, Memento, The Dark Knight, Batman Begins, and Inception. I'm looking for an Alex Proyas movie.	Knowing
2 What else is that about?	dvd, Nicolas Cage, Alex Proyas
3 I prefer comic book movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Crow

1 I liked The Haunting, L.A. Confidential, Stand by Me, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Wrong Trousers, and Nashville. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Maurice
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Hugh Grant, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I like Finnish movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tears of April

1 Toy Story, The Prince of Egypt, Amistad, The Negotiator, Serendipity, The Three Musketeers, and Labyrinth are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Men of Honor
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The King of Comedy

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Sleepless in Seattle, Powder, Tommy Boy, Mr. Holland's Opus, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Forget Paris are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	The Hunchback of Notre Dame
2 What else is that about?	Paris, Victor Hugo
3 I rate Sacha Baron Cohen movies. Any other suggestions?	Hugo

1 I really like Falling Down, Face/Off, The Fugitive, Predator, The Matrix, The Saint, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Tequila Sunrise
2 What else is that about?	Mel Gibson, Michelle Pfeiffer
3 I prefer Edward Norton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pride and Glory

1 Do the Right Thing, The Terminator, Aliens, Stalag 17, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Planet of the Apes are films I love. I'm looking for a Don Siegel movie.	Invasion of the Body Snatchers
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, national film registry, Don Siegel
3 I prefer Escape movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Escape from Alcatraz

1 I really like Platoon, Boogie Nights, The Shining, Taxi Driver, Trainspotting, Gran Torino, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Hurt Locker
2 Who does that star?	Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, Brian Geraghty
3 I prefer Don Cheadle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hamburger Hill

1 The Godfather, Evil Dead II, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Being John Malkovich, Caddyshack, Man on the Moon, and The Big Lebowski are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Akira Kurosawa movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I like film noir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stray Dog

1 I really liked Inception, Up in the Air, 12 Angry Men, Spirited Away, The Shawshank Redemption, A Clockwork Orange, and The Truman Show. I'm looking for a Woody Harrelson movie.	Seven Pounds
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Will Smith, Woody Harrelson, Rosario Dawson, Gabriele Muccino
3 I prefer Laura Dern movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio

1 I really liked The Princess Bride, Gladiator, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Jurassic Park III, Meet the Parents, Hannibal, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Antitrust
2 What else is that about?	Ryan Phillippe, Rachael Leigh Cook, Peter Howitt
3 I like murder movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Girl Who Played with Fire

1 I love The Lion King, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Crimson Tide, Batman Begins, Unforgiven, The Seventh Seal, and American History X. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Deconstructing Harry
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Sarah Polley movies. Any other suggestions?	Take This Waltz

1 I watched the films Frankenstein, Die Hard 2, Basic Instinct, Alien, Romancing the Stone, Little Shop of Horrors, and The Little Mermaid and loved them. I'm looking for an affair movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, book, affair, iowa
3 I like Cate Blanchett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Notes on a Scandal

1 I love The Lion King, Judge Dredd, The Quest, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, GoldenEye, and Twister. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Eyes Without a Face
2 Who is that directed by?	Georges Franju
3 I prefer George A. Romero movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Survival of the Dead

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Cyrano de Bergerac, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Spellbound, Henry V, Gigi, and My Fair Lady are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barefoot in the Park
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Jane Fonda, Charles Boyer, Mildred Natwick
3 I like Jack Black movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny

1 Apollo 13, Legally Blonde, Closer, The Bourne Ultimatum, Love Actually, Body Heat, and Michael Clayton are movies I liked. I'm looking for a plot movie.	Quantum of Solace
2 What else is that about?	Action, Revenge, franchise, murder, james bond, Short, plot, Daniel Craig, bond, Olga Kurylenko, Marc Forster, ne, Paul Haggis
3 I rate Judi Dench movies. Any other suggestions?	Skyfall

1 Gone with the Wind, Shrek 2, Annie Hall, Shrek, The Motorcycle Diaries, Singin' in the Rain, and Ghost World are movies I like. I'm looking for a simpsons movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 Who does that star?	Julie Kavner, Yeardley Smith, Dan Castellaneta, Nancy Cartwright

1 Schindler's List, Beauty and the Beast, Forrest Gump, and Braveheart are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, ira, Jim Sheridan, Pete Postlethwaite
3 I rate Sport movies. Any other suggestions?	Bhaag Milkha Bhaag

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Get Shorty, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Heathers, A Room with a View, The Birdcage, and The Usual Suspects are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Four Daughters

1 A Streetcar Named Desire, Harold and Maude, Easy Rider, It's a Wonderful Life, The Birds, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Dancer in the Dark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bowling for Columbine
2 Who does that star?	Michael Moore
3 I rate Philippe Petit movies. Any other suggestions?	Man on Wire

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Happy Gilmore, 300, Toy Story, Jurassic Park, Armageddon, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Pumping Iron
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, bodybuilding
3 I rate politics movies. Any other suggestions?	The War on Democracy

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Sixth Sense, Tombstone, The Silence of the Lambs, Almost Famous, While You Were Sleeping, and Meet the Parents are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	48 Hrs.
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Crime, Eddie Murphy, Nick Nolte, Buddy, Walter Hill
3 I rate long movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lone Ranger

1 Dances with Wolves, Repo Man, Ran, Bread and Chocolate, The Terminator, The Emerald Forest, and The Truman Show are films I like. I'm looking for an Arthur C. Clarke movie.	2010
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, sequel, science fiction, John Lithgow, Arthur C. Clarke
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	2010

1 On Golden Pond, Saving Private Ryan, The Color Purple, Amistad, The Gods Must Be Crazy, The Name of the Rose, and Smoke are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Simon Birch
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Steven Johnson
3 I prefer Risa Bramon Garcia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	200 Cigarettes

1 Grumpier Old Men, Twister, In the Name of the Father, Bed of Roses, Mr. Holland's Opus, Legends of the Fall, and The Man Without a Face are films I really like. I'm looking for a Frankenstein movie.	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Frankenstein
3 I prefer Peter Boyle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Young Frankenstein

1 I really liked The Fugitive, Laura, Romancing the Stone, Sabrina, Braveheart, The Color Purple, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I rate Demi Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Brooks

1 The Shining, North by Northwest, L.A. Story, Citizen Kane, Glengarry Glen Ross, and The Godfather are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Patrick Shanley movie.	Joe Versus the Volcano
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, John Patrick Shanley
3 I rate Romantic Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Moonstruck

1 I watched the films On Golden Pond, Howards End, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Erin Brockovich, Vertigo, Brokeback Mountain, and Rear Window and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Torch Song Trilogy
2 What else is that about?	gay, Matthew Broderick, Anne Bancroft, Harvey Fierstein
3 I prefer John Patrick Shanley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moonstruck

1 The Breakfast Club, Sixteen Candles, The Howling, An American Werewolf in London, The Princess Bride, Something Wicked This Way Comes, and A Nightmare on Elm Street are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Monkey Shines
2 What else is that about?	George A. Romero
3 I rate Lance Henriksen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Horror Show

1 I liked What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, The Godfather, Quiz Show, Air Force One, Breakfast at Tiffany's, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, and Far from Heaven. I'm looking for a Drew Barrymore movie.	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, cia, Charlie Kaufman, Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore, biographical
3 I like Whoopi Goldberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boys on the Side

1 I really liked Modern Times and Big Fish. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I like biblical movies more. Do you know anything else?	One Night with the King

1 Total Recall, Airplane!, Spider-Man 2, The Matrix, Alien, Big, and Die Hard are movies I love. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Willow
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Magic, George Lucas, Val Kilmer, Ron Howard, sword and sorcery, Warwick Davis
3 I like Stephen Dorff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Felon

1 Rosemary's Baby, Easter Parade, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The NeverEnding Story, Enchanted, Identity, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Tobey Maguire movie.	Spider-Man 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I like Curtis Hanson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wonder Boys

1 North by Northwest, Lost in Translation, and Rushmore are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Love, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, siblings, Gene Hackman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Luke Wilson, Anjelica Huston
3 I rate ocean movies. Any other suggestions?	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou

1 I really liked Jaws, Apocalypse Now, Life Is Beautiful, Young Frankenstein, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Rocky, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I prefer bridge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bridge on the River Kwai

1 Sex, Lies, and Videotape, A Room with a View, American Beauty, Traffic, Dial M for Murder, Risky Business, and The Secret Garden are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Orphans movie.	The Boys of St. Vincent
2 What else is that about?	Orphans, sexual abuse
3 I rate Jude Law movies. Any other suggestions?	Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events

1 Fantasia, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and The Blues Brothers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Million Dollar Baby
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, sports, Clint Eastwood, boxing, Hilary Swank
3 I rate united states movies. Any other suggestions?	Amistad

1 Schindler's List, Casablanca, The Princess Bride, Fargo, Groundhog Day, The Godfather, and Die Hard are films I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Unforgiven
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Richard Harris
3 I rate Gary Cooper movies. Any other suggestions?	Man of the West

1 Only You, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Maverick, Showgirls, The Silence of the Lambs, and Outbreak are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, seattle, Nora Ephron, empire state building
3 I like Mischa Barton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Assassination of a High School President

1 I love About a Boy, Inception, Lost in Translation, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	Whale Rider
2 Who is that directed by?	Niki Caro
3 I like Gerard Johnstone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Housebound

1 Back to the Future, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Casino Royale, The Green Mile, The Wizard of Oz, Pulp Fiction, and Psycho are movies I love. I'm looking for a Toni Collette movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 Who does that star?	Abigail Breslin, Greg Kinnear, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano
3 I rate Rhys Wakefield movies. Any other suggestions?	The Black Balloon

1 The Miracle Worker, North by Northwest, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Spartacus, Tom Jones, Elf, and But I'm a Cheerleader are films I like. I'm looking for an Upton Sinclair movie.	The Gnome-Mobile
2 Who does that star?	Walter Brennan, Karen Dotrice, Matthew Garber

1 The Grifters, Sling Blade, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Rushmore, In the Name of the Father, and Shakespeare in Love are films I liked. I'm looking for a French Film movie.	Delicatessen
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, apartment, jeunet
3 I like 1 movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Mother's Castle

1 The Grand Budapest Hotel, Braveheart, Fight Club, Into the Wild, The Motorcycle Diaries, Midnight in Paris, and Amélie are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Best Offer
2 Who does that star?	Geoffrey Rush, Donald Sutherland, Jim Sturgess, Sylvia Hoeks
3 I like Jean Reno movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Da Vinci Code

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, North by Northwest, A Clockwork Orange, Taxi Driver, A Fish Called Wanda, Citizen Kane, and Barcelona. I'm looking for a british movie.	Naked
2 What else is that about?	british, Mike Leigh
3 I prefer Sean Connery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Frightened City

1 Aladdin, Pulp Fiction, Desperado, Braveheart, Schindler's List, The Lion King, and The Crow are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Berenger movie.	Sliver
2 What else is that about?	Sharon Stone, Tom Berenger
3 I prefer Christopher Walken movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dogs of War

1 Patton, Payback, The Sting, Das Boot, The Hunt for Red October, Full Metal Jacket, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Ben-Hur
2 What else is that about?	historical, long, national film registry, best picture, William Wyler, Charlton Heston, historical drama
3 I rate Neil Jordan movies. Any other suggestions?	Michael Collins

1 Romeo + Juliet, Independence Day, Clueless, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Dante's Peak, Aladdin, and The Stupids are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Christopher Lloyd movie.	Angels in the Outfield
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lloyd, Danny Glover, Tony Danza
3 I like Tim Curry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Clue

1 The Princess Bride, Martian Child, A Beautiful Mind, Spider-Man, Independence Day, Shakespeare in Love, and Men of Honor are films I love. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	Evan Almighty
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Shadyac
3 I rate Judd Apatow movies. Any other suggestions?	The 40-Year-Old Virgin

1 I liked Ocean's Eleven, American Pie 2, The Lost Boys, Gosford Park, Spider-Man, A Bug's Life, and Reign of Fire. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bicentennial Man
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, science fiction, Isaac Asimov, humanity, Chris Columbus
3 I like Harvey Keitel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Lieutenant

1 I liked Analyze This, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Edward Scissorhands, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Galaxy Quest, Stand by Me, and Napoleon Dynamite. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chicago
2 What else is that about?	Music, murder, Musical, jazz, Richard Gere, Chicago, John C. Reilly, Queen Latifah, Rob Marshall
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying

1 I really liked The Island, Spider-Man, The Bourne Supremacy, Transformers, The Matrix, Finding Nemo, and The Bourne Ultimatum. I'm looking for a Reese Witherspoon movie.	Twilight
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Reese Witherspoon, Susan Sarandon, Paul Newman
3 I rate Sissy Spacek movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Christmases

1 A Little Princess, Forrest Gump, Aladdin, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Ratatouille, The Horse Whisperer, and Home Alone are films I liked. I'm looking for a fight movie.	Rocky II
2 Who is that directed by?	Sylvester Stallone

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Schindler's List, Alice in Wonderland, Apollo 13, Sense and Sensibility, The Fugitive, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Othello
2 Who does that star?	Maggie Smith, Laurence Olivier, Frank Finlay, Joyce Redman

1 I liked Die Hard, Ronin, Toy Story 2, Blade, Aliens, Miracle on 34th Street, and A Midsummer Night's Dream. I'm looking for an Antonio Banderas movie.	The 13th Warrior
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas
3 I prefer Johnny Depp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Time in Mexico

1 I watched the films Yellow Submarine, Clear and Present Danger, The Abyss, The Specialist, Backdraft, Mallrats, and Outbreak and loved them. I'm looking for a Tom Holland movie.	Thinner
2 What else is that about?	Stephen King, Tom Holland
3 I rate ocean movies. Any other suggestions?	The Impossible

1 I really like Braveheart, Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, The Lion King, Schindler's List, Apollo 13, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, book, affair, iowa
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Opening Night

1 There's Something About Mary, Toy Story, Double Indemnity, Toy Story 2, Matewan, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Radio Days are movies I loved. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Body Heat
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, noir, William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Lawrence Kasdan, Richard Crenna
3 I rate Darren Aronofsky movies. Any other suggestions?	Pi

1 I like O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Children of Men, The Hangover, The Dark Knight, Across the Universe, The Departed, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forgetting Sarah Marshall
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Mila Kunis, Jason Segel, Hawaii, Kristen Bell, Russell Brand, composer, Nicholas Stoller, apatow
3 I like summer camp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Indian Summer

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Clerks, The Princess Bride, The Crying Game, The Wrong Trousers, The Sixth Sense, and Aliens are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Billy Elliot
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Musical, british, england, dance, ballet, Jamie Bell, Stephen Daldry, miners, strike
3 I prefer cinematography movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Inside Llewyn Davis

1 Normal Life, Set It Off, Wild Reeds, Everyone Says I Love You, Surviving Picasso, Sling Blade, and Jude are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	One Fine Day
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Michelle Pfeiffer, Alex D. Linz, Mae Whitman
3 I rate John Candy movies. Any other suggestions?	It Came from Hollywood

1 Pulp Fiction, Rob Roy, True Lies, Clueless, Legends of the Fall, Taxi Driver, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Broken Arrow
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I rate black and white movies. Any other suggestions?	The Westerner

1 I like When Harry Met Sally..., Elizabeth, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Schindler's List, Toy Story, The Breakfast Club, and The Dreamlife of Angels. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sixteen Candles
2 What else is that about?	teen, John Hughes, Molly Ringwald
3 I rate nazis movies. Any other suggestions?	Surf Nazis Must Die

1 I like The Gods Must Be Crazy, Finding Nemo, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Green Mile, Black Hawk Down, The Truman Show, and Roman Holiday. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Diary of Anne Frank
2 What else is that about?	George Stevens
3 I prefer Xavier Dolan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heartbeats

1 I watched the films The Godfather, Sleepless in Seattle, Back to the Future, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Braveheart, Saving Private Ryan, and Raiders of the Lost Ark and loved them. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 Who is that directed by?	M. Night Shyamalan
3 I like Jonathan Lynn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Whole Nine Yards

1 I really liked Much Ado About Nothing, Jurassic Park, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Usual Suspects, The Lion King, While You Were Sleeping, and The Nightmare Before Christmas. I'm looking for an Alex Proyas movie.	The Crow
2 Who is that directed by?	Alex Proyas

1 I loved Mrs. Doubtfire, The Shawshank Redemption, The Abyss, Jaws, Ransom, Jumanji, and Dead Poets Society. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Airport, Renny Harlin, harlin, William Sadler
3 I prefer Denzel Washington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Equalizer

1 In the Mouth of Madness, GoldenEye, Citizen Kane, Braveheart, Casino, The Shawshank Redemption, and Jerry Maguire are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Last Man Standing
2 Who is that directed by?	Walter Hill
3 I rate John Landis movies. Any other suggestions?	Beverly Hills Cop III

1 The Abyss, Apocalypse Now, The African Queen, The Nightmare Before Christmas, American Pie, All Quiet on the Western Front, and Rear Window are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Fair Lady
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Musical, story, Broadway, best picture, George Cukor, George Bernard Shaw
3 I prefer David Byrne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Stories

1 I love The Birdcage, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Annie Hall, The Wizard of Oz, Dead Again, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Minority Report
2 What else is that about?	Crime, murder, Mystery, Police, future, dvd, Steven Spielberg, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Philip K. Dick, spielberg, technology, Colin Farrell, Max von Sydow, Samantha Morton
3 I like Glenda Farrell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery of the Wax Museum

1 I watched the films Run Lola Run, Spellbound, Mister Roberts, From Here to Eternity, Rebecca, In the Bedroom, and Ghost and loved them. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	Prizzi's Honor
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I rate Michelangelo Antonioni movies. Any other suggestions?	The Passenger

1 The Graduate, To Kill a Mockingbird, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Usual Suspects, The Sting, Alien, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Spider-Man
2 Who does that star?	James Franco, Willem Dafoe, Kirsten Dunst, Tobey Maguire
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Mercury Rising

1 I really liked Hard Boiled, In the Heat of the Night, Three Kings, Schindler's List, Unforgiven, Doctor Zhivago, and The Wild Bunch. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	The Ipcress File
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Nigel Green, Guy Doleman
3 I like Bill Milner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Is Anybody There?

1 Moonstruck, It Happened One Night, A Room with a View, Laura, The Thin Man, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Maltese Falcon are films I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Tom Jones
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Richardson
3 I like Cecil B. DeMille movies more. Do you know anything else?	Male and Female

1 I liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Godfather, MASH, The Killing Fields, Bonnie and Clyde, Fargo, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Rear Window
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Wendell Corey
3 I like Myrna Fahey movies more. Do you know anything else?	House of Usher

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Serenity, The Princess Bride, Dogma, Sherlock Holmes, Back to the Future, and Armageddon are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part II
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, sequel, future, science fiction, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, 2015, Lea Thompson, delorean, time machine
3 I prefer disaster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Poseidon Adventure

1 I watched the films Help!, Chocolat, Ladyhawke, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Wag the Dog, Camelot, and Young Frankenstein and loved them. I'm looking for a surfing movie.	Gidget
2 What else is that about?	surfing
3 I prefer Keanu Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Point Break

1 I like The Battle of Algiers, Once Upon a Time in Mexico, Night of the Living Dead, Kung Fu Hustle, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Royal Tenenbaums, and You Can Count on Me. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Assault on Precinct 13
2 What else is that about?	Action, remake, Police, Ethan Hawke, Laurence Fishburne, Maria Bello
3 I prefer John Woo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blackjack

1 I really like Smokin' Aces, Don't Say a Word, The Birds, The Terminator, Superman Returns, Ghostbusters, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Grudge 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Takashi Shimizu
3 I prefer Brett Leonard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dead Pit

1 I like Fargo, The Verdict, Places in the Heart, Dances with Wolves, The Straight Story, Hamlet, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a tv movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon
3 I like Dan Aykroyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blues Brothers

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, American Beauty, Cocoon, Harold and Maude, The Nutty Professor, and Finding Forrester are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shallow Hal
2 What else is that about?	Jack Black, Gwyneth Paltrow, farrelly brothers, Jason Alexander
3 I prefer Dennis Dugan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	You Don't Mess with the Zohan

1 Citizen Kane, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Right Stuff, It's a Wonderful Life, and Roman Holiday are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur, Edward Arnold
3 I prefer Ellen Page movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tracey Fragments

1 I really liked Chicken Run, Dracula, Fargo, Apocalypse Now, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Platoon, and The Exorcist. I'm looking for a Roger Donaldson movie.	Thirteen Days
2 What else is that about?	political, Kevin Costner, cuban missile crisis, Roger Donaldson, John F. Kennedy, Bruce Greenwood
3 I prefer new zealand movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The World's Fastest Indian

1 A Close Shave, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Shrek, As Good as It Gets, Trainspotting, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I prefer David Lean movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blithe Spirit

1 I love Terms of Endearment, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Powder, Nurse Betty, Pulp Fiction, Gone with the Wind, and Dolores Claiborne. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Primary Colors
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Alan Ball movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Towelhead

1 Legends of the Fall, The Firm, Outbreak, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, The Client, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I prefer bakshi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wizards

1 Being John Malkovich, Lost in Translation, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Wizard of Oz, Network, Blade Runner, and The Jerk are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hollywood Shuffle
2 Who does that star?	Robert Townsend
3 I like Tim Robbins movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thanks for Sharing

1 Schindler's List, Taxi Driver, The Shawshank Redemption, The Shining, Rocky, A Christmas Story, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The War
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Avnet
3 I rate Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lives of Others

1 I like Mary Poppins, Philadelphia, Mr. Holland's Opus, Forrest Gump, The Sound of Music, Cool Runnings, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I prefer Alexander Payne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Descendants

1 Apocalypse Now, My Dinner with Andre, Salaam Bombay!, Election, Raging Bull, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Eyes Wide Shut are films I really like. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Vanishing
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I prefer rape movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Straw Dogs

1 Spider-Man 2, Superman II, True Grit, Boogie Nights, The Wizard of Oz, Apollo 13, and American History X are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Hiroyuki Sanada movie.	The Last Samurai
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I prefer Hideo Nakata movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ring

1 Clerks, Payback, and Blade Runner are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	Top Gun
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, Anthony Edwards, Kelly McGillis
3 I like Jamie Foxx movies more. Do you know anything else?	Collateral

1 Double Indemnity, To Catch a Thief, Flirting with Disaster, Prizzi's Honor, A Fish Called Wanda, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Man Who Knew Too Much are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Diane Keaton movie.	Unstrung Heroes
2 What else is that about?	Diane Keaton
3 I prefer Claire Danes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Family Stone

1 Cold Comfort Farm, Grosse Pointe Blank, Clueless, Life Is Beautiful, Election, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and The Opposite of Sex are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Twin Falls Idaho
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Polish
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Toy Story 2, Schindler's List, Back to the Future, Apollo 13, Dark City, A Few Good Men, and Toy Story are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 Who does that star?	Jodie Foster, David Morse
3 I prefer Jeanne Eagels movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Letter

1 I like The French Connection, L.A. Confidential, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Last of the Mohicans, Patton, Big, and Philadelphia. I'm looking for a story movie.	The Birds
2 What else is that about?	Horror, suspense, story, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, birds, Jessica Tandy, Tippi Hedren, Rod Taylor
3 I like comic book movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kick-Ass

1 St. Elmo's Fire, Armageddon, Chariots of Fire, Mary Poppins, Halloween, The Exorcist, and Adventures in Babysitting are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Them!
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Horror, science fiction, ants, giant ants
3 I like jack the ripper movies more. Do you know anything else?	Waxworks

1 American Beauty, Best in Show, Children of Men, Memento, Donnie Darko, Pan's Labyrinth, and Heathers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Station Agent
2 Who is that directed by?	Thomas McCarthy
3 I prefer Quentin Tarantino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pulp Fiction

1 As Good as It Gets, The Godfather, Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, American History X, Rain Man, and Lethal Weapon 2 are films I really like. I'm looking for a Peter Chelsom movie.	The Mighty
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Chelsom

1 I liked About a Boy, School of Rock, L.A. Confidential, 28 Days, While You Were Sleeping, The Princess Bride, and Pretty Woman. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, 1980s, Adam Sandler, Romantic Comedy, Drew Barrymore, Frank Coraci
3 I rate Jake Kasdan movies. Any other suggestions?	Orange County

1 I watched the films The Mission, In America, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Winter's Bone, Inception, and The Lives of Others and loved them. I'm looking for a London movie.	Dirty Pretty Things
2 What else is that about?	r, London, immigrants, Stephen Frears
3 I like violence movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kidulthood

1 I like Fast Times at Ridgemont High, A League of Their Own, Airplane!, Galaxy Quest, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Animal House, and American Pie 2. I'm looking for an Eddie Murphy movie.	48 Hrs.
2 Who does that star?	Eddie Murphy, Nick Nolte
3 I rate Larry Miller movies. Any other suggestions?	The Nutty Professor

1 Chinatown, The Killing Fields, Pulp Fiction, The Maltese Falcon, The Silence of the Lambs, Forrest Gump, and Blade Runner are movies I loved. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Marlon Brando, Tennessee Williams, stage, Elia Kazan, Vivien Leigh, Karl Malden
3 I prefer Fred Zinnemann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Oklahoma!

1 Back to the Future Part II, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, Back to the Future Part III, Fargo, and Groundhog Day are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, Kevin Dunn
3 I like Madeline Carroll movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Spy Next Door

1 When Harry Met Sally..., The Wrong Trousers, Fargo, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Seventh Seal, and Taxi Driver are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Michael Winterbottom
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Squid and the Whale

1 I liked Ransom, Ghost, The Usual Suspects, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Brothers McMullen
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Burns
3 I rate Charles Martin Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Dolphin Tale

1 Deliverance, Glory, Eyes Wide Shut, RoboCop, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, American History X, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I liked. I'm looking for an amish movie.	Witness
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Harrison Ford, Peter Weir, amish

1 North by Northwest, The Wizard of Oz, Say Anything..., The Godfather, Harvey, Citizen Kane, and 12 Angry Men are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Lady Eve
2 Who is that directed by?	Preston Sturges
3 I rate Tommy O'Haver movies. Any other suggestions?	Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss

1 What's Love Got to Do with It, Happiness, Fargo, The Full Monty, Chicken Run, Barbershop, and Sixteen Candles are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Down in the Delta
2 Who does that star?	Alfre Woodard, Esther Rolle
3 I rate Al Pacino movies. Any other suggestions?	Any Given Sunday

1 The Grapes of Wrath, Down by Law, Shine, Cast Away, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Magnolia, and Midnight Cowboy are films I loved. I'm looking for a Jim Jarmusch movie.	Stranger Than Paradise
2 What else is that about?	deadpan, Jim Jarmusch
3 I like Joe Strummer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery Train

1 The Godfather, The Departed, The Shawshank Redemption, and American Beauty are movies I love. I'm looking for a No movie.	The Dark Knight
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I like Shane Black movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang

1 I watched the films Manhattan, Trainspotting, American Beauty, Donnie Brasco, The Godfather, Chinatown, and L.A. Confidential and loved them. I'm looking for a Jonathan Demme movie.	Stop Making Sense
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme

1 Taxi Driver, The Thing, Blade Runner, Batman Begins, Army of Darkness, The Godfather, and Aliens are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Alec Baldwin movie.	The Departed
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Mark Wahlberg, Jack Nicholson
3 I prefer Penelope Ann Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shadow

1 Iron Man 2, How to Train Your Dragon, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Inception, The King's Speech, and Be Kind Rewind are movies I liked. I'm looking for a supernatural movie.	Ghostbusters II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, supernatural, paranormal
3 I like ghosts movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Frighteners

1 Psycho, The Emperor's New Groove, The Goonies, Ghost World, The Opposite of Sex, Fight Club, and Happiness are films I liked. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Monster
2 Who is that directed by?	Patty Jenkins
3 I like Otto Preminger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Anatomy of a Murder

1 I love Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Farewell My Concubine, Grumpy Old Men, The Blues Brothers, The English Patient, Dogma, and Aliens. I'm looking for a denver movie.	Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead
2 Who is that directed by?	Gary Fleder

1 I liked Keeping the Faith, Before Sunset, American Beauty, Runaway Bride, Legally Blonde, Rat Race, and What Dreams May Come. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dragonfly
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Costner, Tom Shadyac
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Color of Money

1 Apocalypse Now, Boogie Nights, Some Like It Hot, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Shampoo, Taxi Driver, and Annie Hall are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Night Falls
2 Who is that directed by?	Julian Schnabel
3 I prefer Rodrigo García movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mother and Child

1 I like The Straight Story, Tom Jones, The Last Detail, The Insider, The Man Who Knew Too Much, Shane, and The English Patient. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, Harry Dean Stanton, Veronica Cartwright
3 I rate Mervyn Johns movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead of Night

1 Groundhog Day, Pulp Fiction, The 400 Blows, Reservoir Dogs, Citizen Kane, Ghost in the Shell, and Viridiana are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jean Cocteau movie.	Orpheus
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Jean Cocteau

1 I liked The Trouble with Harry, Cool Hand Luke, Run Lola Run, Get Shorty, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and Chasing Amy. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Magnificent Seven
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remake, library, Western, mexico, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner, James Coburn, John Sturges, Eli Wallach, Robert Vaughn
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Breakheart Pass

1 I love American History X, Braveheart, City of God, Into the Wild, It's a Wonderful Life, The Shawshank Redemption, and Big Fish. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Diving Bell and the Butterfly
2 What else is that about?	Julian Schnabel
3 I like Richard Gere movies more. Do you know anything else?	Unfaithful

1 The African Queen, The Graduate, The Philadelphia Story, Forrest Gump, Casablanca, Aladdin, and The Big Sleep are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an alcoholism movie.	Days of Wine and Roses
2 What else is that about?	alcoholism, Blake Edwards
3 I prefer poverty movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Were Warriors

1 Monsters, Inc., The Godfather, Forrest Gump, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Dark Crystal, The Princess Bride, and American Beauty are films I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Wizard of Oz
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Music, War, Musical, original, national film registry, own, get, midgets, Victor Fleming, Judy Garland, technicolor, oz, Jack Haley
3 I like Raoul Walsh movies more. Do you know anything else?	White Heat

1 Crash, The Bourne Identity, Sin City, Uncle Buck, Apocalypse Now, Pulp Fiction, and Willow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Joe Carnahan movie.	Narc
2 What else is that about?	Police, Joe Carnahan
3 I prefer Ben Affleck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Smokin' Aces

1 La Femme Nikita, Fargo, Breaking the Waves, Shallow Grave, Romeo + Juliet, Titanic, and Once Were Warriors are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a vegas movie.	Casino
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese

1 Aliens, Schindler's List, The Sweet Hereafter, The Vanishing, The Silence of the Lambs, Toy Story 2, and Being John Malkovich are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kiss of the Spider Woman
2 Who does that star?	William Hurt, Sonia Braga, José Lewgoy
3 I like Sylvia Miles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Midnight Cowboy

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Crying Game, The Manchurian Candidate, Chasing Amy, Dangerous Liaisons, Babe, and Hook are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Tango Lesson
2 What else is that about?	argentina, buenos aires
3 I like rural movies more. Do you know anything else?	Winter's Bone

1 Schindler's List, A Streetcar Named Desire, Gaslight, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Shawshank Redemption, and Rebecca are movies I liked. I'm looking for a miners movie.	Billy Elliot
2 Who does that star?	Jamie Bell, Gary Lewis, Jamie Draven

1 I watched the films Some Like It Hot, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Waiting for Guffman, Shaun of the Dead, The Insider, Defending Your Life, and Cop Land and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Menace II Society
2 What else is that about?	los angeles
3 I rate German movies. Any other suggestions?	Antibodies

1 Aliens, Groundhog Day, Witness, The Insider, Fight Club, Richard III, and Platoon are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Karl Malden movie.	Patton
2 Who does that star?	George C. Scott, Karl Malden
3 I like Rod Steiger movies more. Do you know anything else?	On the Waterfront

1 I loved Dances with Wolves, The Terminator, American History X, Dancer in the Dark, Pulp Fiction, The Last of the Mohicans, and The Matrix. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ronin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I like Jonathan Mostow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Surrogates

1 I like Mary Poppins, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Thing, Time Bandits, A Fish Called Wanda, and Night of the Living Dead. I'm looking for a John Carpenter movie.	Escape from New York
2 What else is that about?	Action, new york city, future, Prison, New York, Kurt Russell, John Carpenter, snake plissken, snake
3 I like Jeff Bridges movies more. Do you know anything else?	Starman

1 Toy Story 2, Bridget Jones's Diary, Office Space, Titanic, Dazed and Confused, Tombstone, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Nick Castle movie.	Dennis the Menace
2 Who does that star?	Walter Matthau, Mason Gamble
3 I like Lucy Deakins movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Boy Who Could Fly

1 Dragonfly, School Ties, Love Story, Saving Mr. Banks, With Honors, The Proposition, and Primal Fear are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Appaloosa
2 Who does that star?	Jeremy Irons
3 I prefer Bokeem Woodbine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Day in the Life

1 Blow Out, A Very Long Engagement, Touch of Evil, Once Upon a Time in America, The Fly, Planet Terror, and A Bug's Life are films I love. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Dodes'ka-den
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa
3 I like Takeshi Kitano movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kikujiro

1 I really liked Tootsie, Three Kings, Mrs Dalloway, Out of Sight, Shakespeare in Love, When Harry Met Sally..., and Othello. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Les Misérables
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Police, historical, france, Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, cast, Victor Hugo, Tom Hooper
3 I prefer RZA movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man with the Iron Fists

1 Zeus and Roxanne, Eddie, Fear, Das Boot, Sling Blade, Before and After, and 2 Days in the Valley are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meet Wally Sparks
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Baldwin
3 I like Anne Fletcher movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Proposal

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Back to the Future, Batman, Wild Things, The Game, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Office Space
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dvd, cult classic, Jennifer Aniston, Mike Judge, 90s, office, Ron Livingston, Gary Cole
3 I like Burt Lancaster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Local Hero

1 Evil Dead II, Chinatown, Casablanca, RoboCop, Pi, The Terminator, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Unforgiven
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, Gene Hackman, best picture, Richard Harris, eastwood
3 I rate sports movies. Any other suggestions?	Trouble with the Curve

1 Bonnie and Clyde, Terms of Endearment, The Silence of the Lambs, Ice Age, A Christmas Story, The Red Violin, and My Dinner with Andre are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Woo movie.	Windtalkers
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo

1 I loved The Bourne Ultimatum, Monsters, Inc., Captain Phillips, Hook, The Incredibles, Inception, and Gladiator. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Star Trek Into Darkness
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, science fiction, Star Trek, Simon Pegg, Leonard Nimoy, Benedict Cumberbatch, Anton Yelchin, John Cho, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Alice Eve, Zoe Saldana
3 I like 3d movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Green Hornet

1 The Jerk, Jerry Maguire, Raging Bull, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Dazed and Confused, and Trading Places are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Elisabeth Shue movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I rate Ving Rhames movies. Any other suggestions?	Piranha 3D

1 Secretary, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Thomas Crown Affair, American Beauty, Braveheart, Dark City, and Fight Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Heart Huckabees
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jude Law, Dustin Hoffman, Mark Wahlberg, Naomi Watts, Jason Schwartzman, David O. Russell, Lily Tomlin
3 I rate College movies. Any other suggestions?	Liberal Arts

1 The Bridges of Madison County, Cocoon, Bugsy Malone, The Breakfast Club, The Living Daylights, Shakespeare in Love, and Barry Lyndon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Wimbledon
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Kirsten Dunst, Paul Bettany, tennis
3 I prefer Elijah Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 Groundhog Day, The French Connection, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, In the Heat of the Night, Witness, MASH, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a Dashiell Hammett movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 Who is that directed by?	Roy Del Ruth
3 I like W.S. Van Dyke movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thin Man

1 I love The Manchurian Candidate, Mildred Pierce, Great Expectations, Ran, The Producers, Spirited Away, and Seven Samurai. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Shoah
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Lanzmann
3 I like Jacques Cluzaud movies more. Do you know anything else?	Winged Migration

1 While You Were Sleeping, Outbreak, Jumanji, Apollo 13, Independence Day, The Net, and Jurassic Park are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I prefer David Hyde Pierce movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wet Hot American Summer

1 In the Heat of the Night, Cool Hand Luke, Air Force One, Lethal Weapon, The Terminator, Dirty Dancing, and Liar Liar are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Renaissance Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I like Melvin Frank movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Reformer and the Redhead

1 Don Juan DeMarco, Beauty and the Beast, Jumanji, Death and the Maiden, Titanic, Wild Things, and Mars Attacks! are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Tom Cruise, renee zellweger, Cameron Crowe, agent
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	God Help the Girl

1 I like Some Like It Hot, The Maltese Falcon, My Fair Lady, MASH, Miracle on 34th Street, Chinatown, and Pinocchio. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 What else is that about?	Charles Dickens
3 I like christmas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppet Christmas Carol

1 I watched the films A Very Long Engagement, Amélie, Fried Green Tomatoes, Pan's Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal, Nell, and Spirited Away and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Black Cauldron
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, disney, Magic
3 I like Chuck Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Phantom Tollbooth

1 I really like Back to the Future, Children of Men, The Fifth Element, Finding Nemo, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Fugitive, and Inception. I'm looking for a cia movie.	The Bourne Supremacy
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, assassin, Matt Damon, Conspiracy, amnesia, cia, spy, Julia Stiles, Robert Ludlum, Paul Greengrass
3 I prefer Gavin Hood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rendition

1 Romeo and Juliet, The Mighty Ducks, Young Frankenstein, Fight Club, Cinderella, Dogma, and The Secret Garden are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gigi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, national film registry, courtesan, Vincente Minnelli
3 I like Nick Nolte movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prince of Tides

1 Perfect Blue, Alien, Life Is Beautiful, A Clockwork Orange, Blade Runner, Akira, and Trainspotting are films I liked. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Rushmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, Bill Murray, Love, Wes Anderson, teacher, Jason Schwartzman, 2, Olivia Williams
3 I prefer Jaco Van Dormael movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Nobody

1 Excalibur, Erin Brockovich, The Blob, The Joy Luck Club, Risky Business, National Lampoon's Vacation, and The Mask are movies I liked. I'm looking for a remake movie.	City of Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I rate Gore Verbinski movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ring

1 I watched the films Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Last of the Mohicans, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Rob Roy, Excalibur, and Platoon and loved them. I'm looking for a War movie.	Glory
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I prefer Ken Annakin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Battle of the Bulge

1 Elizabeth, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Emma, Strictly Ballroom, and Moonstruck are movies I love. I'm looking for a French movie.	Indochine
2 Who is that directed by?	Régis Wargnier
3 I prefer Laetitia Colombani movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	He Loves Me... He Loves Me Not

1 Natural Born Killers, Prospero's Books, Wild Zero, The Times of Harvey Milk, Walkabout, Howl, and All About My Mother are films I love. I'm looking for a Guy Maddin movie.	The Saddest Music in the World
2 Who does that star?	Isabella Rossellini
3 I rate Darcy Fehr movies. Any other suggestions?	My Winnipeg

1 Memento, The Paper, Crazy Heart, The Gold Rush, Stand by Me, In America, and The Wizard of Oz are films I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Little Shop of Horrors
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I rate Norman Taurog movies. Any other suggestions?	The Toast of New Orleans

1 I watched the films The Princess Bride, Unforgiven, The Godfather, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Casablanca, The Sweet Hereafter, and The Fisher King and loved them. I'm looking for a Superman movie.	Superman II
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Ned Beatty, Christopher Reeve
3 I like Marlon Brando movies more. Do you know anything else?	Superman

1 I really liked Schindler's List, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Die Hard, The Usual Suspects, Clerks, In the Line of Fire, and The Piano. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	True Romance
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette
3 I rate Michael Moriarty movies. Any other suggestions?	Report to the Commissioner

1 I loved Gone with the Wind, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Casablanca, Dave, As Good as It Gets, Contact, and The Jerk. I'm looking for a Gene Saks movie.	The Odd Couple
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau
3 I like Goldie Hawn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cactus Flower

1 Dolores Claiborne, Casino, True Romance, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate british movies. Any other suggestions?	East Is East

1 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Blue Velvet, Mulholland Drive, Down by Law, The City of Lost Children, Metropolis, and Eraserhead are films I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Triumph of the Will
2 Who does that star?	Adolf Hitler
3 I prefer Cedric Hardwicke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Commandos Strike at Dawn

1 I liked The Princess Bride, Gandhi, The Wizard of Oz, Rear Window, Caddyshack, Man Bites Dog, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a cult movie.	The Exorcist
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I prefer Edgar Wright movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World

1 The Thin Blue Line, Waiting for Guffman, Notorious, Lone Star, Faces, The Celluloid Closet, and Taxi Driver are movies I love. I'm looking for an Edward Dmytryk movie.	Murder, My Sweet
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Dmytryk

1 Stand and Deliver, American Beauty, Scarface, Ronin, Catch Me If You Can, The Green Mile, and The Patriot are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Pursuit of Happyness
2 What else is that about?	Will Smith, homeless, Jaden Smith, Gabriele Muccino
3 I like Jean Renoir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swamp Water

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Psycho, Lost in Translation, Assault on Precinct 13, Nixon, Being John Malkovich, and Monster's Ball are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 Who does that star?	Chika Sakamoto, Noriko Hidaka, Hitoshi Takagi
3 I prefer John Terlesky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Deathstalker II

1 I loved Sleepless in Seattle, What About Bob?, The Patriot, Emma, The Philadelphia Story, Forrest Gump, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ben-Hur
2 What else is that about?	historical, long, national film registry, best picture, William Wyler, Charlton Heston, historical drama
3 I rate Luchino Visconti movies. Any other suggestions?	Senso

1 I love Tommy Boy, The Wizard of Oz, Forrest Gump, Dazed and Confused, Requiem for a Dream, True Romance, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a John Cusack movie.	Grosse Pointe Blank
2 Who is that directed by?	George Armitage
3 I prefer Stephen Frears movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Fidelity

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Elizabeth, Forbidden Planet, Fantastic Planet, Men in Black, Miller's Crossing, and Welcome to the Dollhouse are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mike Leigh movie.	Career Girls
2 What else is that about?	Mike Leigh
3 I prefer abortion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vera Drake

1 The Graduate, Being There, Casablanca, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The African Queen, Apocalypse Now, and Easy Rider are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Out of Africa
2 Who does that star?	Meryl Streep, Robert Redford, Klaus Maria Brandauer, Michael Kitchen
3 I prefer Jason Schwartzman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Darjeeling Limited

1 Beauty and the Beast, Casablanca, Trainspotting, Pretty Woman, Pinocchio, The Man Who Wasn't There, and The Adventures of Robin Hood are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Caligula
2 Who does that star?	Malcolm McDowell, John Gielgud, Teresa Ann Savoy
3 I like Valeria Golino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rain Man

1 Donnie Darko, Dial M for Murder, Vertigo, The Help, Shrek, Romeo + Juliet, and Fight Club are films I really like. I'm looking for a Lisa Cholodenko movie.	The Kids Are All Right
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Annette Bening, Lisa Cholodenko
3 I rate Radha Mitchell movies. Any other suggestions?	High Art

1 I watched the films Spirited Away, Gladiator, Taken, The Prestige, The Secret in Their Eyes, Big Fish, and City of God and loved them. I'm looking for a british movie.	Boy A
2 What else is that about?	british, Andrew Garfield, John Crowley
3 I prefer Guy Ritchie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Abyss, Heavy Metal, The Fifth Element, Die Hard, Body Heat, and Full Metal Jacket are films I like. I'm looking for a German movie.	Until the End of the World
2 Who does that star?	Solveig Dommartin
3 I like Christoph Waltz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inglourious Basterds

1 A Christmas Story, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Lives of Others, Gandhi, Les Misérables, Garden State, and Little Miss Sunshine are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Prestige
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Hugh Jackman, Piper Perabo
3 I like Dervla Kirwan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Entity

1 The Italian Job and Live Free or Die Hard are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sean Bean movie.	National Treasure
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, History, Nicolas Cage, treasure, Harvey Keitel, Diane Kruger, Christopher Plummer, Sean Bean, Jon Voight, Justin Bartha, masons
3 I prefer Thora Birch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Patriot Games

1 Top Gun, Life Is Beautiful, The English Patient, Memento, The Shawshank Redemption, Donnie Brasco, and All About Eve are films I like. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I rate New Year's Eve movies. Any other suggestions?	A Long Way Down

1 Kind Hearts and Coronets, Breaker Morant, A Clockwork Orange, Little Miss Sunshine, Blue Velvet, Reds, and Ran are films I loved. I'm looking for a Roman Polanski movie.	Macbeth
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I prefer Giuseppe Tornatore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Pure Formality

1 I love To Kill a Mockingbird, Seven Beauties, Chinatown, Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and From Here to Eternity. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I like King Vidor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wild Oranges

1 A Close Shave, Fargo, Dead Man Walking, Donnie Brasco, and Heat are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a mafia movie.	The Godfather
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, r, Family, story, mafia, Al Pacino, national film registry, New York, Italian, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, best picture, James Caan, sicily, length, coppola
3 I like Sidney Lumet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Find Me Guilty

1 Pacific Heights, Heat, The Blues Brothers, King Kong, Ghostbusters, Alien, and Up are movies I liked. I'm looking for a strange movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 What else is that about?	War, psychological, strange, flashbacks, Tim Robbins, hallucination, psychological horror
3 I prefer original movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 From Here to Eternity, Sling Blade, Brazil, Sense and Sensibility, On the Waterfront, Saving Private Ryan, and The Philadelphia Story are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sabrina
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer Steve Miner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Bully

1 Schindler's List, Back to the Future, The Pianist, Saving Private Ryan, Bowling for Columbine, Shrek, and Das Boot are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I prefer Brazil movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Turistas

1 The Blair Witch Project, The Wizard of Oz, Galaxy Quest, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Usual Suspects, Schindler's List, and Evil Dead II are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Eddie Murphy movie.	Bowfinger
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I rate Conrad Vernon movies. Any other suggestions?	Shrek 2

1 Do the Right Thing, Match Point, Before Sunrise, Manhattan, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, City Lights, and Los Olvidados are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	An Autumn Afternoon
2 What else is that about?	Japanese
3 I prefer Melissa Leo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frozen River

1 Jumanji, Sweet November, BURN-E, Slumdog Millionaire, Cast Away, The Lorax, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Earthlings
2 Who is that directed by?	Shaun Monson
3 I rate Terence Davies movies. Any other suggestions?	Of Time and the City

1 I really like Apocalypse Now, Batman, Akira, Clue, Breakfast at Tiffany's, When Harry Met Sally..., and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Kurt Russell movie.	The Fox and the Hound
2 Who does that star?	Kurt Russell, Mickey Rooney, Jack Albertson, Pearl Bailey
3 I like Michael Angarano movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sky High

1 I liked Pulp Fiction, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Birdcage, Outbreak, Forrest Gump, Batman, and The Client. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addams Family Values
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Macabre, Anjelica Huston, Joan Cusack, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Ruthless People

1 Goodfellas, The Abyss, Rudy, Mr. Holland's Opus, Toy Story 2, Scent of a Woman, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really like. I'm looking for a College movie.	The Program
2 What else is that about?	College, football
3 I prefer basketball movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blue Chips

1 The Fugitive, Clear and Present Danger, Men in Black, Independence Day, The Blues Brothers, Total Recall, and Con Air are films I really like. I'm looking for an Elijah Wood movie.	Deep Impact
2 Who is that directed by?	Mimi Leder
3 I like Liev Schreiber movies more. Do you know anything else?	Everything Is Illuminated

1 Sherlock Holmes, Yojimbo, Avatar, The Lego Movie, Kung Fu Panda, Collateral, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dragon movie.	Reign of Fire
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Matthew McConaughey, Gerard Butler
3 I prefer Jim Kelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Enter the Dragon

1 The Patriot, Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, Aliens, Forrest Gump, The Dirty Dozen, and Rat Race are movies I liked. I'm looking for an animated classic movie.	Peter Pan
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, disney, disney animated feature, Peter Pan, animated classic
3 I prefer deer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bambi

1 Beauty and the Beast, Saving Private Ryan, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, West Side Story, Chasing Amy, Edward Scissorhands, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I like christmas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arthur Christmas

1 I watched the films Children of Men, Saving Private Ryan, The Lives of Others, Army of Darkness, Office Space, Let the Right One In, and Full Metal Jacket and loved them. I'm looking for a Love movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Love, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, siblings, Gene Hackman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Luke Wilson, Anjelica Huston
3 I rate tony leung movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Mood for Love

1 I liked The Seventh Seal, The Elephant Man, The Thin Red Line, Shall We Dance?, The Palm Beach Story, Roman Holiday, and Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. I'm looking for a gay movie.	Head On
2 What else is that about?	gay
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Why Not Me?

1 The Trigger Effect, Stargate, Forrest Gump, Shanghai Noon, Waterworld, Total Recall, and Romeo + Juliet are films I love. I'm looking for a Maze movie.	Cube
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, psychological, Escape, Maze, Vincenzo Natali, traps, Cube
3 I rate Mystery movies. Any other suggestions?	The Maze Runner

1 Ocean's Eleven, Django Unchained, Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle, and V for Vendetta are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Hackers movie.	Hackers
2 What else is that about?	High School, cyberpunk, Angelina Jolie, Hackers, internet, hacker, Jonny Lee Miller

1 Donnie Darko, The Piano, Young Frankenstein, Little Miss Sunshine, Life Is Beautiful, The Wizard of Oz, and Big Fish are films I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Ratatouille
2 What else is that about?	Animation, pixar, disney, original, story, Paris, France, animated, food, cooking, Restaurant, pixar animation, anthropomorphic, G, Patton Oswalt, Janeane Garofalo, Brad Bird, chefs
3 I prefer Ralph Bakshi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cool World

1 Toy Story, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Matilda, Toy Story 2, Gladiator, Antz, and Big Night are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Hugo Weaving, Terence Stamp
3 I rate Uma Thurman movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny Be Good

1 Chocolat, Akira, It's a Wonderful Life, Jaws, Seven Samurai, Menace II Society, and The Princess Bride are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Year of Living Dangerously
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mel Gibson, Sigourney Weaver, Peter Weir, indonesia
3 I like vietnam movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sapphires

1 I liked Fatal Attraction, Shane, Dave, Ben-Hur, The Insider, Platoon, and The Firm. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg, George Clooney, John C. Reilly, Diane Lane
3 I prefer Taye Diggs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Best Man

1 Goodfellas, Powder, The Deer Hunter, Dead Man Walking, The Killing Fields, The Verdict, and Swingers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Finding Forrester
2 What else is that about?	High School, Sean Connery, writing, Gus Van Sant, Michael Pitt, F. Murray Abraham
3 I like time movies more. Do you know anything else?	Time Bandits

1 The Untouchables, American Beauty, L.A. Confidential, Cinema Paradiso, Blade Runner, Night of the Living Dead, and Casablanca are movies I love. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Henry V
2 Who does that star?	Derek Jacobi, Kenneth Branagh
3 I prefer Jodie Foster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bugsy Malone

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, Jumanji, The Secret Garden, Four Rooms, Screamers, Casper, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Free Willy
2 What else is that about?	Family
3 I rate seals movies. Any other suggestions?	The Secret of Roan Inish

1 I really like Raiders of the Lost Ark, Gandhi, Rebecca, Big Night, The Seventh Seal, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Welcome to the Dollhouse. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Eve's Bayou
2 What else is that about?	Samuel L. Jackson, Kasi Lemmons
3 I prefer James Woods movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Believer

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Forrest Gump, Memento, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Shrek, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	School of Rock
2 Who does that star?	Jack Black
3 I prefer Bob Babbitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Standing in the Shadows of Motown

1 Gladiator, The Princess Bride, Seven Samurai, The Killer, Ronin, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, story, Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, photography, civil war, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Italian, american civil war, gunfight, Gold, hanging, Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach, dollars trilogy
3 I like John Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	3 Bad Men

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Toy Story, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Morgan Freeman, dvd, acting, Prison, Stephen King, vhs, redemption, Tim Robbins, warm, Frank Darabont, Rita Hayworth
3 I prefer Ken Loach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bread and Roses

1 Romancing the Stone, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, L.A. Confidential, Sleeper, MASH, and Blade Runner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, High School, coming of age, teen, school, John Hughes, teenager, brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald, Judd Nelson, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy
3 I rate Julia Roberts movies. Any other suggestions?	Erin Brockovich

1 Swingers, A Fish Called Wanda, Goldfinger, Brazil, The Grapes of Wrath, The Adventures of Robin Hood, and Atlantic City are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Love Got to Do with It
2 What else is that about?	biopic, Angela Bassett
3 I rate Alec Baldwin movies. Any other suggestions?	Lymelife

1 Citizen Kane, To Kill a Mockingbird, Sneakers, Sleeper, Secretary, Lost in Translation, and Good Will Hunting are films I love. I'm looking for a potter movie.	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Alfonso Cuarón, potter
3 I like dark movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

1 The Shining, Raging Bull, Apocalypse Now, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Social Network, The Matrix, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Christopher Nolan movie.	The Dark Knight
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Aaron Eckhart, Heath Ledger
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dark Knight Rises

1 Gattaca, Before Sunset, American Beauty, Lawrence of Arabia, Henry V, The Seventh Seal, and Heathers are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Gregory's Girl
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Bill Forsyth
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Real Men

1 Much Ado About Nothing, The Castle, Chocolat, The Motorcycle Diaries, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Bone Collector, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Touching the Void
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Macdonald
3 I rate Jesse Moss movies. Any other suggestions?	The Overnighters

1 I watched the films The Killing, The Shining, Spirited Away, Mulholland Drive, Pulp Fiction, King Kong, and The Thin Blue Line and loved them. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 What else is that about?	Tim Burton, burton
3 I prefer Johnny Depp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark Shadows

1 The Rock, The World of Apu, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Once Were Warriors, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Manhattan, and Ronin are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Boorman movie.	The General
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Gleeson, Adrian Dunbar
3 I prefer Lee Marvin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hell in the Pacific

1 The Sixth Sense, Patriot Games, From Russia with Love, Jurassic Park, Red Dawn, Goldfinger, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Ritchie movie.	Fletch
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, Michael Ritchie
3 I rate Eddie Murphy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Golden Child

1 I liked Splash, Grumpy Old Men, The Prophecy, Bowling for Columbine, Chinatown, Scrooged, and Being There. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	V.I. Warshawski
2 Who is that directed by?	Jeff Kanew

1 Braveheart, Broadcast News, The Princess Bride, Rush Hour, Romancing the Stone, Last Man Standing, and Home Alone are movies I like. I'm looking for a Dick Van Dyke movie.	Dick Tracy
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, Madonna, Dick Van Dyke, Warren Beatty
3 I like G movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang

1 I love Limbo, City of God, Beautiful Thing, Roman Holiday, Mildred Pierce, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Paperhouse
2 Who does that star?	Glenne Headly
3 I rate Emma Watson movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

1 The King's Speech, The Lion King, Iron Man, The Shawshank Redemption, Amélie, Slumdog Millionaire, and The Cabin in the Woods are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zombieland
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, zombies, Road Trip, Emma Stone, Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Abigail Breslin, Ruben Fleischer
3 I rate Police movies. Any other suggestions?	Rush Hour

1 Antz, The Quiet American, Double Indemnity, Lawrence of Arabia, Being John Malkovich, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Children of Men are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Merchant of Venice
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Gold
3 I like Daniel Mann movies more. Do you know anything else?	Come Back, Little Sheba

1 Hocus Pocus, Junior, The Heat, Twister, Austin Powers in Goldmember, Beautiful Creatures, and Lethal Weapon 3 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	Dark Shadows
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I prefer Gore Verbinski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rango

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Titanic, Forrest Gump, The Lion King, The Shawshank Redemption, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and American Beauty are movies I loved. I'm looking for an animated movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I like Jay Baruchel movies more. Do you know anything else?	How to Train Your Dragon 2

1 I liked Gods and Monsters, Apocalypse Now, Parenthood, Elizabeth, Clueless, A Christmas Story, and The Insider. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Notting Hill
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Hugh Grant, Rhys Ifans
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forrest Gump

1 I really like Days of Heaven, The Big Sleep, The Godfather, The Big Lebowski, The Pianist, The Insider, and The Incredibles. I'm looking for an Ernest Hemingway movie.	To Have and Have Not
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Humphrey Bogart, Howard Hawks, Ernest Hemingway
3 I prefer Sam Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For Whom the Bell Tolls

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Brazil, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, I Am Legend, Cannibal Holocaust, The Time Machine, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Premonition
2 Who is that directed by?	Mennan Yapo
3 I rate Alfonso Cuarón movies. Any other suggestions?	Gravity

1 I really liked Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Pretty Woman, Aladdin, The Lion King, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I prefer Peter O'Toole movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ruling Class

1 The Fugitive, Schindler's List, True Lies, The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, Forrest Gump, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I like Ryan Little movies more. Do you know anything else?	Saints and Soldiers

1 I love Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Serenity, V for Vendetta, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I'm looking for an Emma Watson movie.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint
3 I rate Israel Broussard movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bling Ring

1 Around the World in Eighty Days, A Few Good Men, Funny Girl, Best in Show, The Hunt for Red October, Igby Goes Down, and Diner are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Money Pit
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, Richard Benjamin, Shelley Long
3 I like Peter Cattaneo movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rocker

1 The Warriors, Grosse Pointe Blank, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Grindhouse, 25th Hour, Super Mario Bros., and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a pranks movie.	Jackass Number Two
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Chris Pontius

1 I really liked Phenomenon, Nixon, Eraser, Mighty Aphrodite, Trainspotting, The Rock, and Happy Gilmore. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I rate Vincent Price movies. Any other suggestions?	Casanova's Big Night

1 Kramer vs. Kramer, The Five Obstructions, Cinema Paradiso, The Battle of Algiers, Downfall, The Idiots, and L.A. Confidential are movies I liked. I'm looking for an altman movie.	Nashville
2 What else is that about?	multiple storylines, ensemble cast, national film registry, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate murder movies. Any other suggestions?	Gosford Park

1 I.Q., Jumanji, Twister, The Silence of the Lambs, Rumble in the Bronx, Apollo 13, and The Firm are films I liked. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Mortal Kombat
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Fighting, Christopher Lambert
3 I like Bruce Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Boss

1 The Matrix, Forrest Gump, Labyrinth, The Bucket List, Watchmen, City of God, and Big Fish are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Brendan Fraser movie.	Bedazzled
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Fraser, Elizabeth Hurley
3 I prefer Sean Astin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Encino Man

1 I really like Parenthood, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Terms of Endearment, The Fifth Element, The Parent Trap, and An Officer and a Gentleman. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Chain Reaction
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Keanu Reeves, Rachel Weisz, Fred Ward
3 I rate Christopher McDonald movies. Any other suggestions?	Terminal Velocity

1 I watched the films The Secret of Roan Inish, Citizen Kane, Elizabeth, Strange Days, Chocolat, Patch Adams, and Matilda and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Snow Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Brian Levant
3 I prefer Martin Short movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Innerspace

1 Crimson Tide, The Client, The Firm, Outbreak, Forrest Gump, and Sleepless in Seattle are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	I.Q.
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Fred Schepisi
3 I rate Love movies. Any other suggestions?	When a Man Loves a Woman

1 Metropolis, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Annie Hall, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Duck Soup, Brazil, and Casablanca are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Until the End of the World
2 What else is that about?	German, Wim Wenders
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sweeney

1 Apollo 13, The Lion King, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Sixteen Candles, The Italian Job, Saving Private Ryan, and Baby Geniuses are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Derailed
2 Who does that star?	Laura Harring, Tomas Arana
3 I prefer Will Smith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men in Black II

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, and Outbreak are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I rate Brad Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	Killing Them Softly

1 I watched the films The Graduate, Fargo, Leaving Las Vegas, The Secret of Roan Inish, Unforgiven, Burnt by the Sun, and Sleeper and loved them. I'm looking for a Henry James movie.	The Wings of the Dove
2 Who does that star?	Helena Bonham Carter, Linus Roache

1 The Little Mermaid, Goodfellas, A Christmas Story, Dangerous Liaisons, Rocky, Titanic, and Raging Bull are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Face/Off
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, John Travolta
3 I rate Sean Bean movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Death

1 I loved The Lord of the Rings, Avatar, Airplane!, The Breakfast Club, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Grand Day Out, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Darjeeling Limited
2 What else is that about?	r, Bill Murray, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Adrien Brody, Jason Schwartzman, Anjelica Huston
3 I like india movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pool

1 I liked Fury, Rashomon, The Unknown, The 400 Blows, East of Eden, The Unholy Three, and Labyrinth. I'm looking for a Larry Peerce movie.	The Incident
2 What else is that about?	Larry Peerce

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Wizard of Oz, Shakespeare in Love, Babe, Sleeper, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toys
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Music, Robin Williams, Joan Cusack
3 I rate Adam Sandler movies. Any other suggestions?	Just Go with It

1 Airplane!, Fight Club, Children of Men, Apocalypse Now, A Close Shave, The Dark Knight, and From Russia with Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a dark movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly
3 I like spain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 Wings of Desire, Days of Heaven, Clueless, Picnic at Hanging Rock, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, JFK, and Persuasion are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I like Wolfgang Petersen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shattered

1 The Princess Bride, When Harry Met Sally..., The Sound of Music, Life Is Beautiful, Toy Story, Schindler's List, and Chicken Run are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stepmom
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Julia Roberts, Susan Sarandon
3 I like Nicholle Tom movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beethoven

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Full Monty, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, My Cousin Vinny, Toy Story 2, When Harry Met Sally..., and Die Hard are movies I love. I'm looking for a Seann William Scott movie.	American Pie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, teen, virginity, Seann William Scott, Alyson Hannigan, Jason Biggs, Chris Weitz, Shannon Elizabeth, Chris Klein
3 I rate The Rock movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rundown

1 I watched the films Godzilla, The Alamo, The Sixth Sense, Casablanca, Phenomena, The Duellists, and Jeremiah Johnson and loved them. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Young Guns II
2 Who does that star?	Christian Slater, Kiefer Sutherland, Emilio Estevez, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I rate Willie Nelson movies. Any other suggestions?	Barbarosa

1 I really liked Jerry Maguire, Manhattan, Clueless, Schindler's List, Four Weddings and a Funeral, When Harry Met Sally..., and The Little Mermaid. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Witness
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I prefer Erik Skjoldbjærg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Insomnia

1 I like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Platoon, The Terminator, Back to the Future, Alien, The Usual Suspects, and O Brother, Where Art Thou?. I'm looking for a zombie movie.	Shaun of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, zombies, r, Simon Pegg, zombie, Nick Frost, Edgar Wright, stepfather
3 I rate cemetery movies. Any other suggestions?	Cemetery Man

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Seven Samurai, Princess Mononoke, The Matrix, and Hot Fuzz are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Brotherhood of the Wolf
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, 18th century, Vincent Cassel
3 I like John Woo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Face/Off

1 Beauty and the Beast, Mrs. Doubtfire, Independence Day, Miracle on 34th Street, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, and Clear and Present Danger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Sandra Bullock, Romantic Comedy, Bill Pullman, Jon Turteltaub
3 I prefer private detective movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Zero Effect

1 Apocalypse Now, Citizen Kane, The Wages of Fear, Barbarella, Drive, Trouble in Paradise, and Fargo are films I liked. I'm looking for a drugs movie.	Spring Breakers
2 Who is that directed by?	Harmony Korine
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Side Effects

1 I loved To Catch a Thief, The Killer, Microcosmos, Pulp Fiction, Heavenly Creatures, Metropolis, and The Wrong Trousers. I'm looking for a Virginia Woolf movie.	Orlando
2 What else is that about?	Tilda Swinton, Virginia Woolf
3 I rate women movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hours

1 Live and Let Die, The Jerk, The Shawshank Redemption, The Hurricane, Miracle on 34th Street, and The Usual Suspects are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	U.S. Marshals
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Baird
3 I like Paul Henreid movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Ringer

1 Batman Returns, The Wrong Trousers, The City of Lost Children, Naked Lunch, The Princess Bride, Tremors, and Gummo are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	First Blood
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, Brian Dennehy, Ted Kotcheff, Richard Crenna
3 I like assassin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Day of the Jackal

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Home Alone 3, The Swan Princess, Beauty and the Beast, The Indian in the Cupboard, Return from Witch Mountain, and The Rescuers Down Under are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mickey Rooney movie.	Pete's Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, Music, disney, Musical, Dragon, Mickey Rooney
3 I rate Shawn Levy movies. Any other suggestions?	Night at the Museum

1 The Last of the Mohicans, Phenomenon, Conspiracy Theory, Galaxy Quest, Jerry Maguire, Sabrina, and Tin Cup are movies I like. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	Snake Eyes
2 What else is that about?	Nicolas Cage, Brian De Palma
3 I rate Julianne Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Next

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Good Will Hunting, Shakespeare in Love, Finding Neverland, Galaxy Quest, The Matrix, and Meet Joe Black are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 Who is that directed by?	Masayuki Suo
3 I like Kazuo Ikehiro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zatoichi's Flashing Sword

1 Midnight Run, Aliens, Ghost World, Three Kings, The Wild Bunch, The Sixth Sense, and Das Boot are movies I love. I'm looking for a Philip Seymour Hoffman movie.	Magnolia
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I rate Sidney Lumet movies. Any other suggestions?	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead

1 I watched the films The Third Man, The Hunt for Red October, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, The Butterfly Effect, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a George Orwell movie.	Animal Farm
2 What else is that about?	George Orwell, farm
3 I prefer dystopia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nineteen Eighty-Four

1 I loved The Sound of Music, Singin' in the Rain, Muriel's Wedding, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Cabaret, All That Jazz, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Annie
2 What else is that about?	Musical
3 I prefer G movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang

1 Dogville, Her, Traffic, Waking Life, How to Train Your Dragon, Apocalypse Now, and Kung Fu Panda are films I loved. I'm looking for a Kate Winslet movie.	Revolutionary Road
2 What else is that about?	r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet, Sam Mendes
3 I rate original movies. Any other suggestions?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 Walkabout, The Seventh Seal, Rosewood, Eye for an Eye, Broken Arrow, The Spitfire Grill, and The Mirror Has Two Faces are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Steve Rash movie.	Eddie
2 What else is that about?	Steve Rash
3 I rate Biography movies. Any other suggestions?	The Buddy Holly Story

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Donnie Brasco, The Hunt for Red October, The American President, Out of Sight, L.A. Confidential, and In the Line of Fire are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	Devil in a Blue Dress
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I rate Paul Greengrass movies. Any other suggestions?	United 93

1 I loved A Grand Day Out, Babe, Fargo, The Shawshank Redemption, The Muppet Movie, The Usual Suspects, and Fight Club. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Princess Bride
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, Fantasy, original, fairy tale, Fun, cult, Princess, Rob Reiner, Peter Falk, bride, William Goldman
3 I rate prehistoric movies. Any other suggestions?	Prehistoric Women

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Anniversary Party, You Can Count on Me, Hoosiers, Hoop Dreams, There's Something About Mary, and Love Actually are movies I like. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Fandango
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Sam Robards, Judd Nelson
3 I like Christian Slater movies more. Do you know anything else?	3000 Miles to Graceland

1 The Sound of Music, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Basquiat, The Apartment, Cape Fear, Son in Law, and Heathers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a jim morrison movie.	The Doors
2 What else is that about?	drugs, rock and roll, 1960s, biopic, Val Kilmer, Oliver Stone, jim morrison

1 Monsters, Inc., The Great Mouse Detective, Alice in Wonderland, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, Some Like It Hot, Blazing Saddles, and Boys on the Side are films I like. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Nancy Travis
3 I like Katie Stuart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blackout

1 Grease, Alien, Aliens, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, American Beauty, and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I prefer time movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lake House

1 I like Schindler's List, Das Boot, Forrest Gump, Top Gun, The Right Stuff, The Ref, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Soapdish
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, television, Michael Hoffman
3 I rate Zach Galifianakis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Campaign

1 Seven Years in Tibet, Munich, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Rudy, The Pursuit of Happyness, The Bourne Identity, and The Departed are movies I like. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Enemy of the State
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Will Smith, Gene Hackman, cover up, Tony Scott, jerry bruckheimer
3 I rate Keanu Reeves movies. Any other suggestions?	The Replacements

1 The Mission, JFK, Dead Poets Society, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Lawrence of Arabia, The Sixth Sense, and The Killing Fields are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 Who is that directed by?	Giuseppe Tornatore
3 I prefer Julian Schnabel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before Night Falls

1 The Matrix, American History X, The Shining, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Red Violin, Velvet Goldmine, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Farinelli
2 What else is that about?	Musical, 18th century, Opera
3 I like Tim Curry movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rocky Horror Picture Show

1 I like Broken Arrow, Liar Liar, The Shawshank Redemption, The American President, Phenomenon, Schindler's List, and The Brothers McMullen. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I prefer Moon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apollo 13

1 Trainspotting, Heat, The Godfather, Fargo, and A Close Shave are movies I like. I'm looking for a Lou Reed movie.	Blue in the Face
2 Who is that directed by?	Wayne Wang, Paul Auster

1 The Godfather, The Rock, The Birdcage, Nixon, A Time to Kill, Sense and Sensibility, and Dead Man Walking are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The First Wives Club
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, women, Divorce, Goldie Hawn
3 I rate coen brothers movies. Any other suggestions?	Raising Arizona

1 The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Toy Story, To Kill a Mockingbird, A Room with a View, The Right Stuff, It's a Wonderful Life, and A Time to Kill are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All About Eve
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Broadway, Bette Davis, best picture, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Anne Baxter
3 I like Robert Duvall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Falling Down

1 The Sound of Music, The Lawnmower Man, Schindler's List, Sleepless in Seattle, Broken Arrow, Mary Poppins, and Apollo 13 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Private Benjamin
2 What else is that about?	Goldie Hawn
3 I rate british comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	School for Scoundrels

1 Wings of Desire, A Bug's Life, Short Cuts, Speed, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, All About My Mother, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I like. I'm looking for a Martin Donovan movie.	Apartment Zero
2 Who does that star?	Colin Firth, Hart Bochner
3 I like Martin Donovan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trust

1 I really liked Priest, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Pulp Fiction, Naked, Fearless, The Piano, and Short Cuts. I'm looking for a canada movie.	Exotica
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan
3 I prefer Carroll Ballard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fly Away Home

1 I watched the films Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jackie Brown, Alien, Help!, Die Hard, The Abyss, and The Shining and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Richard Lester
3 I like Tony Richardson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tom Jones

1 Citizen Kane, Elizabeth, Batman, Taxi Driver, A Christmas Story, Pulp Fiction, and Psycho are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sling Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Bob Thornton
3 I like Jonathan Demme movies more. Do you know anything else?	Melvin and Howard

1 I liked Executive Decision, Sabrina, The Saint, Jungle 2 Jungle, Feeling Minnesota, Sleepers, and My Fellow Americans. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	House Arrest
2 Who is that directed by?	Harry Winer
3 I prefer David Seltzer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Punchline

1 Reservoir Dogs, Little Miss Sunshine, Breaking the Waves, Show Me Love, The Usual Suspects, Requiem for a Dream, and Magnolia are movies I like. I'm looking for a Dolls movie.	Dolls
2 What else is that about?	japan, Takeshi Kitano, Dolls, kitano

1 Mulan, A Walk in the Clouds, The Fugitive, Freaky Friday, Singin' in the Rain, Good Will Hunting, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	One Fine Day
2 What else is that about?	George Clooney, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Hoffman
3 I prefer Peter Chelsom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hector and the Search for Happiness

1 Bad Education, The Little Mermaid, Heavenly Creatures, American Splendor, Good Will Hunting, Born Yesterday, and The Apostle are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Norma Rae
2 What else is that about?	small town, Sally Field, Martin Ritt, Beau Bridges, union
3 I rate Sam Rockwell movies. Any other suggestions?	Matchstick Men

1 Forrest Gump, Crimson Tide, Mrs. Doubtfire, Dave, Pretty Woman, Braveheart, and Stargate are films I love. I'm looking for a prohibition movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I rate Jean Harlow movies. Any other suggestions?	The Public Enemy

1 I like Payback, Toy Story 2, Galaxy Quest, A Bug's Life, The Abyss, The Prince of Egypt, and Chicken Run. I'm looking for a Jon Amiel movie.	Entrapment
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery, Jon Amiel
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Knew Too Little

1 I love Being John Malkovich, A Clockwork Orange, Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, The Cider House Rules, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Crying Game. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Double Jeopardy
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Beresford
3 I like Russell Mulcahy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ricochet

1 I loved Howl's Moving Castle, The Fall, Grave of the Fireflies, Velvet Goldmine, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Amélie, and Moonrise Kingdom. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Gary Cooper, Norman Z. McLeod
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tommy

1 Bob Roberts, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Back to the Future, Minority Report, Run Lola Run, Chicago, and Fargo are films I love. I'm looking for an ensemble cast movie.	Cookie's Fortune
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate Gwyneth Paltrow movies. Any other suggestions?	Contagion

1 A Close Shave, The Goodbye Girl, The Usual Suspects, The Big Lebowski, Say Anything..., Casablanca, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Grosse Pointe Blank
2 Who is that directed by?	George Armitage
3 I rate Jaco Van Dormael movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Nobody

1 Saving Private Ryan, Field of Dreams, To Kill a Mockingbird, Top Gun, The Jungle Book, The Bad Seed, and Patriot Games are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	What Dreams May Come
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, Richard Matheson, matheson, Heaven, Vincent Ward
3 I like Roger Corman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deathstalker

1 Face/Off, Mr. Holland's Opus, Jerry Maguire, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, Heat, and Fargo are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I like Spanish movies more. Do you know anything else?	Even the Rain

1 I like Rear Window, The Shawshank Redemption, Iron Man, Fight Club, Alien, No Country for Old Men, and Titanic. I'm looking for a michael giacchino movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I prefer to see movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Up

1 Bonnie and Clyde, Paper Moon, Enemy of the State, Insomnia, Gattaca, The Bourne Ultimatum, and Shoot 'Em Up are films I love. I'm looking for a germany movie.	Soul Kitchen
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, germany, Moritz Bleibtreu
3 I prefer stasi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lives of Others

1 I loved Legends of the Fall, Get Shorty, Quiz Show, Apollo 13, Batman, Sleepless in Seattle, and Pretty Woman. I'm looking for a Jon Turteltaub movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub

1 Romeo + Juliet, Sabrina, The Joy Luck Club, The Godfather, Good Will Hunting, and The English Patient are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Sunrise
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, Ethan Hawke, minimalist, Richard Linklater, Julie Delpy, vienna
3 I like James Ivory movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Room with a View

1 The Matrix, Caddyshack, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Ghostbusters, The Goonies, Aliens, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Godfather
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, r, Family, story, mafia, Al Pacino, national film registry, New York, Italian, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, best picture, James Caan, sicily, length, coppola
3 I prefer Rod Daniel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beethoven's 2nd

1 I watched the films The Godfather, Excalibur, Run Lola Run, The Fugitive, The Last of the Mohicans, Heavy Metal, and Young Guns and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bicentennial Man
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, science fiction, Isaac Asimov, humanity, Chris Columbus
3 I rate Edward James Olmos movies. Any other suggestions?	American Me

1 I really like Hear My Song, A Room with a View, Run Lola Run, Diva, Lawrence of Arabia, True Romance, and Dangerous Liaisons. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Armour of God
2 What else is that about?	kung fu, Jackie Chan
3 I prefer Josh Duhamel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!

1 Singin' in the Rain, The Sixth Sense, Being John Malkovich, Happy, Texas, Fight Club, The Killer, and The African Queen are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	Strangers on a Train
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, tennis
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	I Confess

1 Up in Smoke, 2010, In the Name of the Father, Heathers, Casablanca, Kelly's Heroes, and Eat Drink Man Woman are movies I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Tom Jones
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, british, Tony Richardson
3 I like Humphrey Bogart movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Sleep

1 The Matrix, Gladiator, The Fifth Element, Saving Private Ryan, Schindler's List, and True Lies are films I love. I'm looking for an animated movie.	Ice Age
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, animated, John Leguizamo, ice, Ray Romano, Carlos Saldanha, Chris Wedge
3 I rate Woody Harrelson movies. Any other suggestions?	A Scanner Darkly

1 Men in Black, The Right Stuff, Good Will Hunting, Toy Story, Platoon, Airplane!, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a Lucas movie.	American Graffiti
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, coming of age, Harrison Ford, teen, national film registry, rock and roll, 1960s, George Lucas, Lucas
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Raiders of the Lost Ark

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, My Cousin Vinny, Best in Show, The Princess Bride, Chasing Amy, and Dead Man Walking are films I love. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Vanishing
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Night of the Living Dead

1 Das Boot, Lawrence of Arabia, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Sting, Fargo, A Fish Called Wanda, and Philadelphia are films I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The African Queen
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I rate Hayao Miyazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Howl's Moving Castle

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Waterworld, Beauty and the Beast, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Casino, Toy Story, and Tombstone are movies I love. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Beautiful Thing
2 What else is that about?	soundtrack
3 I prefer susumu hirasawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paprika

1 The Hurricane, Frequency, A League of Their Own, Stand by Me, Die Hard, Live and Let Die, and The Dirty Dozen are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Denzel Washington movie.	The Bone Collector
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I rate Ridley Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	American Gangster

1 The Elephant Man, Cape Fear, Farewell My Concubine, What Women Want, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pulp Fiction, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jefferson in Paris
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory
3 I rate Federico Fellini movies. Any other suggestions?	Amarcord

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Jaws, The Godfather, Alien, American Beauty, Airplane!, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I really liked. I'm looking for a beatles movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Richard Lester
3 I like Animation movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yellow Submarine

1 Schindler's List, Short Cuts, The Piano, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Antonia's Line, The City of Lost Children, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Ewan McGregor movie.	Shallow Grave
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I prefer Chris Wedge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Robots

1 The Boys from Brazil, Splash, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Rain Man, Scent of a Woman, Philadelphia, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are movies I really like. I'm looking for an astronauts movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I like score movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gravity

1 I really liked Office Space, Running Scared, Equilibrium, Hannibal, Fearless, Kingdom of Heaven, and Rounders. I'm looking for a r movie.	Suspect Zero
2 Who is that directed by?	E. Elias Merhige
3 I prefer Sofia Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Virgin Suicides

1 Finding Nemo, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Up, Frozen, Whiplash, A Bug's Life, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are movies I liked. I'm looking for a cancer movie.	The Fault in Our Stars
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cancer, Shailene Woodley
3 I like canada movies more. Do you know anything else?	One Week

1 The Pianist, Pan's Labyrinth, Some Like It Hot, The Silence of the Lambs, Alien, The Sixth Sense, and Disclosure are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Eric Bana movie.	Mary and Max
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Australia, Eric Bana, Toni Collette, Adam Elliot
3 I prefer Ewan McGregor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Hawk Down

1 The Incredibles, Batman Begins, and Finding Neverland are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I prefer Alfred Hitchcock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Torn Curtain

1 I love When Harry Met Sally... and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, High School, coming of age, teen, school, John Hughes, teenager, brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald, Judd Nelson, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy
3 I prefer Norman Taurog movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Room for One More

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Aliens, Forrest Gump, Blade Runner, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rocky
2 Who is that directed by?	John G. Avildsen
3 I prefer Darren Aronofsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wrestler

1 I love The Silence of the Lambs, Babe, Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, Rob Roy, Aladdin, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Ron Howard movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I prefer firefighters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Backdraft

1 I loved Leaving Las Vegas, Dial M for Murder, Dead Man Walking, Richard III, GoldenEye, Sense and Sensibility, and Jumanji. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Great Race
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Lemmon, Blake Edwards
3 I rate Billy Wilder movies. Any other suggestions?	Some Like It Hot

1 Grave of the Fireflies, Little Miss Sunshine, All About Eve, The Battle of Algiers, Tommy Boy, Dancer in the Dark, and Back to the Future are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lives of Others
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, germany, art, German, berlin, foreign, stasi, deutsch, Martina Gedeck, human
3 I prefer 1960s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rose

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Raging Bull, Bambi, Cool Hand Luke, The Last Picture Show, The Quiet Man, and Dead Man Walking are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I prefer prostitution movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Call Girl

1 I liked Jackie Brown, The Maltese Falcon, The Killer, Lawrence of Arabia, Eat Drink Man Woman, The Ref, and Amistad. I'm looking for a Police movie.	The French Connection
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I rate Curtis Hanson movies. Any other suggestions?	L.A. Confidential

1 Total Recall, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Forrest Gump, Armageddon, The Mask, Saving Private Ryan, and True Lies are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Patch Adams
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Shadyac
3 I like Jon Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Northanger Abbey

1 I like On the Waterfront, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Annie Hall, Heat, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a library movie.	Once Upon a Time in the West
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, library, Western, Epic, spaghetti western, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Henry Fonda, Charles Bronson, Jason Robards
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance

1 Gran Torino, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Fight Club, The Full Monty, Remember the Titans, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Groundhog Day are films I loved. I'm looking for a Tye Sheridan movie.	Mud
2 What else is that about?	Matthew McConaughey, Jeff Nichols, Tye Sheridan

1 Beauty and the Beast, Pulp Fiction, Apollo 13, Forrest Gump, The Mask, The Lion King, and Aladdin are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Net
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Irwin Winkler
3 I prefer Police movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rush Hour

1 Kelly's Heroes, Thunderball, Aliens, The Birds, Shakespeare in Love, Goldfinger, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Dial M for Murder
2 Who does that star?	Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings
3 I rate Nicole Kidman movies. Any other suggestions?	To Die For

1 Brazil, Evil Dead II, Contact, Saving Private Ryan, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Blade Runner, and The Matrix are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Believers
2 What else is that about?	Martin Sheen
3 I like Horror movies more. Do you know anything else?	London After Midnight

1 I really like Spider-Man 2, Red Dragon, Spider-Man, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Gladiator, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Thomas Crown Affair. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Small Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I rate Peyton Reed movies. Any other suggestions?	Bring It On

1 X-Men, The 39 Steps, The Majestic, Toy Story, Monsters, Inc., The Phantom, and The Bourne Identity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What Women Want
2 Who does that star?	Andy Lau
3 I prefer Barbara Hershey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beaches

1 Gladiator, 8 Mile, Toy Story, The Bourne Identity, Spirited Away, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and Office Space are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Pianist
2 Who does that star?	Adrien Brody
3 I like Olivia de Havilland movies more. Do you know anything else?	To Each His Own

1 Dead Man Walking, The Silence of the Lambs, A River Runs Through It, Sweet and Lowdown, A Close Shave, The Piano, and Life Is Beautiful are films I loved. I'm looking for a book movie.	Seven Years in Tibet
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, book, 1, tibet, dalai lama
3 I like Susan Sarandon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Man Walking

1 Goodfellas, Cool Hand Luke, The Godfather, Planet of the Apes, Apocalypse Now, Rosemary's Baby, and Bonnie and Clyde are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Wizard of Oz
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Music, War, Musical, original, national film registry, own, get, midgets, Victor Fleming, Judy Garland, technicolor, oz, Jack Haley
3 I like Steve Coogan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Indian in the Cupboard

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Outbreak, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Dead Man Walking, and Philadelphia are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I prefer Ron Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cocoon

1 Casablanca, Edward Scissorhands, Lost in Translation, Top Hat, The Gay Divorcee, The Princess Bride, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hedwig and the Angry Inch
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, directorial debut, transgender, rock, John Cameron Mitchell
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie

1 Braveheart, Sling Blade, Sin City, Clerks, The Goonies, Mystic River, and A Christmas Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Deer Hunter
2 What else is that about?	War, Robert De Niro, vietnam war, Meryl Streep, Christopher Walken, vietnam, best picture, Russian Roulette, Michael Cimino
3 I like Richard Attenborough movies more. Do you know anything else?	Oh! What a Lovely War

1 I really liked Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, Rocky, Gremlins, Aliens, Papillon, and Serpico. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chinatown
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I rate Ron Howard movies. Any other suggestions?	Rush

1 I liked The Sixth Sense, Dead Poets Society, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Stand by Me, The English Patient, Braveheart, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I rate murder movies. Any other suggestions?	Badlands

1 I like Ghost World, Back to the Future Part II, Back to the Future Part III, 10 Things I Hate About You, Pulp Fiction, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Hmong movie.	Gran Torino
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Clint Eastwood, cast, detroit, gang, Hmong

1 The Jewel of the Nile, Adam's Rib, Act of Valor, Overboard, 50 First Dates, Stagecoach, and Down Periscope are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	55 Days at Peking
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pilgrim

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Kramer vs. Kramer, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Klute, Platoon, Tom Jones, and The Sound of Music are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
2 Who does that star?	Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor, George Segal, Sandy Dennis
3 I prefer Josh Hartnett movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Resurrecting the Champ

1 I liked The 40-Year-Old Virgin, The Princess Bride, Grave of the Fireflies, A Clockwork Orange, Gosford Park, Love Actually, and Willow. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Cry-Baby
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Johnny Depp, Musical, 1950s, John Waters
3 I prefer Family movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sound of Music

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Gone with the Wind, The Right Stuff, On Golden Pond, Apollo 13, Forrest Gump, and As Good as It Gets are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mike Newell movie.	Enchanted April
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Newell

1 Rush Hour 2, Good Morning, Vietnam, The Fifth Element, Philadelphia, Memento, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Rain Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	After the Sunset
2 What else is that about?	Pierce Brosnan, Thief
3 I prefer christmas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Home Alone

1 Out of Sight, Gladiator, Jerry Maguire, Traffic, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who does that star?	Estella Warren, Rhett Giles, Victor Parascos
3 I rate Jane Seymour movies. Any other suggestions?	Somewhere in Time

1 Fargo, The Guns of Navarone, Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, Good Will Hunting, and Rain Man are movies I like. I'm looking for an Opera movie.	Farinelli
2 Who is that directed by?	Gérard Corbiau
3 I prefer Mike Leigh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Topsy-Turvy

1 I really like The Faculty, White Squall, The Patriot, Kingpin, Gladiator, The Iron Giant, and The Red Violin. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Poseidon Adventure
2 What else is that about?	Gene Hackman, disaster, Ronald Neame, Shelley Winters, Irwin Allen
3 I like vietnam war movies more. Do you know anything else?	Uncommon Valor

1 I liked Mr. Holland's Opus and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a pixar animation movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I rate Monsters movies. Any other suggestions?	Monsters, Inc.

1 I really liked Forrest Gump, Junior, Fargo, Braveheart, The Madness of King George, Heat, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer Steve Carr movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Daddy Day Care

1 The Sting, Babe, Independence Day, A Close Shave, Dogma, The Dark Crystal, and Clueless are films I love. I'm looking for a deer movie.	Bambi
2 What else is that about?	classic, Animation, disney, animated classic, deer, woods

1 Dead Man and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Paris, Texas
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I like John Cromwell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Algiers

1 The Crow, Shaun of the Dead, Lethal Weapon, Ocean's Eleven, Dead Poets Society, The Shawshank Redemption, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Trading Places
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Out of Sight

1 Psycho, Mad Max, Casablanca, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pulp Fiction, Jaws, and Sin City are movies I really like. I'm looking for a gangster movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Angels with Dirty Faces

1 Mallrats, The Game, A Christmas Story, The Cable Guy, Run Lola Run, The Giant Gila Monster, and Pi are films I really like. I'm looking for a Godzilla movie.	Godzilla, King of the Monsters!
2 What else is that about?	kaiju, Godzilla, giant monster, Raymond Burr
3 I like toho movies more. Do you know anything else?	Destroy All Monsters

1 Mean Girls, Amélie, Super Size Me, Office Space, The Virgin Suicides, The Big Lebowski, and Saving Private Ryan are films I like. I'm looking for a Jane Austen movie.	Pride and Prejudice
2 What else is that about?	Jane Austen, adaptation, Robert Z. Leonard
3 I like Roger Michell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Persuasion

1 Frances, Ruby in Paradise, Casino, Psycho, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Cool Hand Luke, and The Straight Story are movies I liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Twin Falls Idaho
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Polish

1 I really like True Lies, The Brothers McMullen, I Shot Andy Warhol, Carrington, GoldenEye, Cosi, and Man of the House. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Young Poisoner's Handbook
2 What else is that about?	murder
3 I prefer film movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Canal

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Halloween, Alien, His Girl Friday, Animal House, North by Northwest, and Annie Hall are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hannah and Her Sisters
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Carrie Fisher, Barbara Hershey, Mia Farrow
3 I prefer Bobby Cannavale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Win Win

1 Memento, Goodfellas, Living in Oblivion, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Hustler, Diner, and Stop Making Sense are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Klute
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan J. Pakula
3 I prefer Neil Burger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Limitless

1 Before Sunrise, Amélie, Love Actually, Before Sunset, My Neighbor Totoro, and Dancer in the Dark are films I love. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Once
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carney
3 I rate Zach Braff movies. Any other suggestions?	Garden State

1 Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Jurassic Park, and Independence Day are films I really like. I'm looking for a Forest Whitaker movie.	Phenomenon
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta, Robert Duvall, Forest Whitaker, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I rate Radha Mitchell movies. Any other suggestions?	Phone Booth

1 Meet the Parents, Erin Brockovich, Sweet Home Alabama, Miss Congeniality, Scary Movie, The Wedding Singer, and Blade are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Road Trip
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Road Trip, Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Doug Liman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Go

1 Animal House, Aliens, Saving Private Ryan, The Shawshank Redemption, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Poltergeist, and National Lampoon's Vacation are films I love. I'm looking for a 1920s movie.	Raise the Red Lantern
2 What else is that about?	china, 1920s, Chinese, zhang yimou, gong li
3 I rate Ron Clements movies. Any other suggestions?	The Princess and the Frog

1 True Lies, The Firm, The Mask, Addams Family Values, Twister, Ed Wood, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drew Barrymore movie.	Boys on the Side
2 Who does that star?	Drew Barrymore, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I rate Brittany Murphy movies. Any other suggestions?	Riding in Cars with Boys

1 Black Hawk Down, True Romance, Die Hard, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Matrix, The Boondock Saints, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Morgan Freeman, dvd, acting, Prison, Stephen King, vhs, redemption, Tim Robbins, warm, Frank Darabont, Rita Hayworth
3 I like John Malkovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Knockaround Guys

1 The Apostle, A Little Princess, The Wizard of Oz, Babe, Jurassic Park, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Fly Away Home are films I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Flesh and Bone
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Kloves

1 The Shining, Tommy Boy, A Christmas Story, Evil Dead II, Almost Famous, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Blues Brothers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, national film registry, cult, Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry
3 I rate Michael Douglas movies. Any other suggestions?	Solitary Man

1 I liked Looking for Richard, Stalingrad, Smoke, Braveheart, Fargo, Wings of Desire, and Ran. I'm looking for a Chinese movie.	Raise the Red Lantern
2 What else is that about?	china, 1920s, Chinese, zhang yimou, gong li
3 I rate disney renaissance movies. Any other suggestions?	Mulan

1 The Transporter, Bad Boys, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, 24 Hour Party People, and The Straight Story are movies I like. I'm looking for a Charles Bronson movie.	The Magnificent Seven
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remake, library, Western, mexico, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner, James Coburn, John Sturges, Eli Wallach, Robert Vaughn
3 I prefer Vigilante movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Death Wish

1 Casablanca, Dances with Wolves, Blade Runner, The Fugitive, Full Metal Jacket, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Shining are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Casino
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Brad Mirman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crime Spree

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, My Cousin Vinny, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Fifth Element, Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, and Major League are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Winona Ryder movie.	Beetlejuice
2 Who does that star?	Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis
3 I prefer Winona Ryder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mermaids

1 Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, The Rock, Heat, The Fifth Element, The Godfather, and Trainspotting are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I prefer Phil Karlson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scandal Sheet

1 American Beauty and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 Who does that star?	Chika Sakamoto, Noriko Hidaka, Hitoshi Takagi
3 I like Rod Taylor movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Time Machine

1 I liked Reservoir Dogs, Patton, Apocalypse Now, Pulp Fiction, Midnight Express, The Wrong Trousers, and The French Connection. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	West Beirut
2 Who is that directed by?	Ziad Doueiri
3 I rate Mike Barker movies. Any other suggestions?	A Good Woman

1 The Terminator, Do the Right Thing, Cabaret, The Wizard of Oz, Strangers on a Train, Leaving Las Vegas, and Chinatown are films I really like. I'm looking for a carnival movie.	Carnival of Souls
2 Who does that star?	Candace Hilligoss
3 I rate Christopher McDonald movies. Any other suggestions?	Splinterheads

1 The Shining, Platoon, Stalag 17, Places in the Heart, The Exorcist, The English Patient, and Young Frankenstein are films I really like. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	The Last Detail
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson
3 I like Adam Roarke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hells Angels on Wheels

1 The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Graduate, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, L.A. Confidential, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Enemy of the State are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fred Zinnemann movie.	The Day of the Jackal
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, assassin, Fred Zinnemann, Frederick Forsyth
3 I like Jason Robards movies more. Do you know anything else?	Julia

1 Schindler's List, Braveheart, Rio Bravo, The Game, Outbreak, Forrest Gump, and Speed are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	G.I. Jane
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I like Rob Reiner movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Few Good Men

1 I love Awakenings, MASH, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Rushmore, Annie Hall, Swingers, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for a Jim Carrey movie.	The Truman Show
2 What else is that about?	Drama, philosophy, Jim Carrey, original, television, Ed Harris, meta, get, 2, florida, media, Laura Linney, simulated reality, Peter Weir, television show, Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer vampire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Bitten

1 I liked My Life So Far, My Life as a Dog, The Grifters, Get Shorty, Sling Blade, In the Line of Fire, and Babe. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 Who is that directed by?	Masayuki Suo
3 I like Takashi Miike movies more. Do you know anything else?	13 Assassins

1 As Good as It Gets, The Sixth Sense, Shakespeare in Love, Independence Day, Pretty Woman, Philadelphia, and Rushmore are films I like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, ira, Jim Sheridan, Pete Postlethwaite
3 I like biographical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chaplin

1 I loved The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Young Guns, Almost Famous, Raising Arizona, A Christmas Story, Caddyshack, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Any Which Way You Can
2 Who is that directed by?	Buddy Van Horn
3 I rate Rajkumar Hirani movies. Any other suggestions?	PK

1 Romeo + Juliet, The Hours, Aladdin, About Schmidt, Rosemary's Baby, High Fidelity, and Vanilla Sky are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Moonlight Mile
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I prefer John G. Avildsen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	8 Seconds

1 Schindler's List, Apollo 13, Father of the Bride Part II, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Phenomenon, Forrest Gump, and The Lion King are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 Who is that directed by?	Jerry Zucker
3 I like Ralph Bakshi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wizards

1 Babe, Toy Story 2, Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Life Is Beautiful, The Godfather, and The Court Jester are films I really like. I'm looking for a portland movie.	Zero Effect
2 Who does that star?	Ben Stiller, Bill Pullman

1 Taxi Driver, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Dead Man, Princess Mononoke, A Clockwork Orange, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Oldboy
2 What else is that about?	remake, Spike Lee
3 I rate blaxploitation movies. Any other suggestions?	Shaft

1 Good Will Hunting, The Princess Bride, Back to the Future, Finding Nemo, Being John Malkovich, Amélie, and Independence Day are movies I liked. I'm looking for an united states movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I prefer Morgan Freeman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bruce Almighty

1 Saving Private Ryan, Schindler's List, The Terminator, Memento, The Bourne Identity, The Godfather, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Amélie
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I prefer Melissa McCarthy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nines

1 The Bourne Ultimatum, Gandhi, The Illusionist, Million Dollar Baby, Contagion, The Thing, and Invasion of the Body Snatchers are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Science of Sleep
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Fantasy, r, Dreams, Michel Gondry, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Gael García Bernal
3 I like Harry Connick Jr. movies more. Do you know anything else?	New in Town

1 I really like The Fifth Element, Requiem for a Dream, Videodrome, Fargo, Full Metal Jacket, Vertigo, and How to Train Your Dragon. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mon Oncle
2 Who is that directed by?	Jacques Tati
3 I rate Lewis Gilbert movies. Any other suggestions?	Educating Rita

1 American Beauty, The Princess Bride, Donnie Darko, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, Jurassic Park, and Casablanca are movies I liked. I'm looking for a story movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I prefer Prince movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Princess and the Frog

1 Back to the Future, Speed, Braveheart, Gattaca, The Bridges of Madison County, Forrest Gump, and Dead Poets Society are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I rate space movies. Any other suggestions?	Ender's Game

1 Schindler's List, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Wrong Trousers, The Graduate, The Thin Man, Raising Arizona, and Vertigo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Lester
3 I like Penelope Spheeris movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Decline of Western Civilization

1 Nell, Braveheart, Fargo, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Apollo 13, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Philadelphia
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Denzel Washington
3 I prefer Juliette Caton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Courage Mountain

1 I liked Bicycle Thieves, The Sixth Sense, Dirty Harry, Malcolm X, I'm the One That I Want, Jurassic Park, and Wall Street. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Misery
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, Stephen King, Rob Reiner, Kathy Bates, James Caan, Lauren Bacall
3 I like Jason Eisener movies more. Do you know anything else?	V/H/S/2

1 Office Space, The Sixth Sense, A Christmas Story, Requiem for a Dream, Toy Story, Batman Begins, and Spider-Man 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shrek 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Adamson, Conrad Vernon, Kelly Asbury
3 I rate Ron Clements movies. Any other suggestions?	Aladdin

1 I watched the films Annie Hall, Unforgiven, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, A Clockwork Orange, Paths of Glory, The Usual Suspects, and Alien and loved them. I'm looking for a War movie.	Burnt by the Sun
2 Who is that directed by?	Nikita Mikhalkov
3 I rate Robert Aldrich movies. Any other suggestions?	Attack

1 I loved JFK, School of Rock, The New World, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Raging Bull, Gosford Park, and Born on the Fourth of July. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fury
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Revenge, Fritz Lang, Spencer Tracy
3 I rate Bette Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	Three on a Match

1 Get Shorty, An American in Paris, Rope, The Gay Divorcee, Notorious, Grease, and The Best Years of Our Lives are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Inspector General
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Koster
3 I rate Bob Odenkirk movies. Any other suggestions?	Let's Go to Prison

1 Rat Race, The Legend of Zorro, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Stargate, Shaolin Soccer, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Sleepy Hollow are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jude Law movie.	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	story, Jude Law, dieselpunk
3 I rate Steven Soderbergh movies. Any other suggestions?	Side Effects

1 Notorious, Dead Man Walking, Psycho, Bicycle Thieves, The Graduate, North by Northwest, and Angel Heart are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Touch
2 What else is that about?	Elmore Leonard
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deadheads

1 Billy Elliot, The Sixth Sense, Schindler's List, The Green Mile, Philadelphia, Edward Scissorhands, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zoolander
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, fashion
3 I like Laura Linney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hyde Park on Hudson

1 Clear and Present Danger, Outbreak, Pulp Fiction, True Lies, Cliffhanger, Aladdin, and Forrest Gump are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Pierce Brosnan movie.	GoldenEye
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Laws of Attraction

1 Ip Man, Moonrise Kingdom, The Dark Knight, Good Will Hunting, American Hustle, My Neighbor Totoro, and Red Cliff are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ip Man 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Wilson Yip
3 I like Peter Berg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Friday Night Lights

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Living in Oblivion, Get Shorty, Forrest Gump, A Close Shave, Fargo, and Pulp Fiction are films I liked. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	Red Rock West
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl

1 Das Boot, Shakespeare in Love, Rushmore, There's Something About Mary, Braveheart, Die Hard 2, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are films I really like. I'm looking for a hong kong movie.	Election
2 Who is that directed by?	Johnnie To
3 I prefer Patrick Leung movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beyond Hypothermia

1 Duck Soup, Cool Hand Luke, Rebecca, Strictly Ballroom, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Grapes of Wrath, and Men in Black are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Private Benjamin
2 Who does that star?	Goldie Hawn
3 I like Elizabeth Perkins movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big

1 The Rookie, Logan's Run, Kiss Me Deadly, Smoke Signals, All About Eve, Thirteen Days, and Up in the Air are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Ides of March
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Ryan Gosling, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Paul Giamatti
3 I like Ingrid Bergman movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Woman's Face

1 Meet Joe Black, Heart and Souls, Swing Kids, She's All That, One Fine Day, The Story of Us, and Big Daddy are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Vampires, vampire, Joss Whedon, Donald Sutherland, Paul Reubens
3 I like Michael Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desperate Measures

1 The Verdict, Fantasia, The Big Sleep, Forbidden Planet, Boyz n the Hood, Bad Day at Black Rock, and Sophie's Choice are films I really liked. I'm looking for a plot movie.	Sherlock Holmes
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Jude Law, Mark Strong
3 I like Matthew Goode movies more. Do you know anything else?	Watchmen

1 Perfect Blue, American Beauty, No Country for Old Men, Chinatown, The Matrix, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Russell Crowe, schizophrenia, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, book, Ron Howard, Paul Bettany, economics, Josh Lucas
3 I rate Danish movies. Any other suggestions?	Open Hearts

1 The Last Samurai, The Hunt for Red October, Cape Fear, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Scent of a Woman, Trainspotting, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, David Della Rocco
3 I rate Christopher Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	The Blood of Fu Manchu

1 12 Angry Men, Cool Hand Luke, The Warriors, Modern Times, Poltergeist, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Tommy Boy are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	When a Stranger Calls
2 Who does that star?	Carol Kane
3 I prefer Claude Earl Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bride of Re-Animator

1 Cool Hand Luke, Babe, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Mrs. Doubtfire, A League of Their Own, Cocoon, and His Girl Friday are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Devil and Daniel Webster
2 Who does that star?	Walter Huston, Edward Arnold
3 I prefer Quvenzhané Wallis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beasts of the Southern Wild

1 Philadelphia, Braveheart, Run Lola Run, Schindler's List, Das Boot, Red Rock West, and Dances with Wolves are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ben-Hur
2 What else is that about?	historical, long, national film registry, best picture, William Wyler, Charlton Heston, historical drama
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kid

1 Sense and Sensibility, Shallow Grave, Ed Wood, and Dead Man Walking are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Sunrise
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater
3 I rate Milcho Manchevski movies. Any other suggestions?	Dust

1 I really liked L.A. Confidential, A Clockwork Orange, Reservoir Dogs, The Spanish Prisoner, Traffic, Clerks, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a Police movie.	The French Connection
2 What else is that about?	Action, Police, national film registry, New York, Gene Hackman, best picture, William Friedkin
3 I like Jonah Hill movies more. Do you know anything else?	21 Jump Street

1 The Wizard of Oz, A Clockwork Orange, Modern Times, Night of the Living Dead, The Player, Nashville, and Five Easy Pieces are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Contempt
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate Paul Newman movies. Any other suggestions?	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof

1 The Sandpiper, The Spanish Prisoner, La Dolce Vita, The Big Lebowski, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Goodfellas, and Galaxy Quest are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Destination Tokyo
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I like David Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Captain Newman, M.D.

1 Psycho, Annie Hall, Goodfellas, Casablanca, Mary Poppins, Hamlet, and The Graduate are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forrest Gump
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, War, Tom Hanks, soundtrack, historical, Epic, romantic, Romantic Comedy, political, cult, Robert Zemeckis, united states, best picture, Life, 2, Gary Sinise, Sally Field, Running, alabama, historic, shrimp
3 I rate Shirley Temple movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Miss Broadway

1 I like The Blues Brothers, The Green Mile, When Harry Met Sally..., Schindler's List, American Beauty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Gus Van Sant movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 What else is that about?	r, Matt Damon, Robin Williams, own, owned, mathematics, Ben Affleck, genius, boston, math, Gus Van Sant, Minnie Driver, therapy
3 I like shakespeare movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Own Private Idaho

1 I loved A Beautiful Mind, The Hunt for Red October, Men of Honor, The Shawshank Redemption, The Sixth Sense, Cinderella Man, and Seven Pounds. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Fighter
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Mark Wahlberg, Amy Adams, Melissa Leo
3 I like Sandra Bullock movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blind Side

1 The Wizard of Oz, The Last Samurai, Die Hard, Mississippi Burning, The Boondock Saints, Sabrina, and Ocean's Eleven are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Live Free or Die
2 What else is that about?	Zooey Deschanel
3 I rate Mary Steenburgen movies. Any other suggestions?	Goin' South

1 Unforgiven, Peter Pan, Get Shorty, The Hunt for Red October, The Jungle Book, Hercules, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Benton movie.	Nobody's Fool
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Benton

1 I love Bicycle Thieves, Manhattan, Burnt by the Sun, Jaws, The Grapes of Wrath, Kids, and Nashville. I'm looking for a Satyajit Ray movie.	The World of Apu
2 What else is that about?	india, childhood, Satyajit Ray, apu trilogy
3 I rate sequel movies. Any other suggestions?	Aparajito

1 I love Deep Impact, What Women Want, The Avengers, and Inception. I'm looking for an original movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	original, science fiction, national film registry, script, Charlton Heston, Franklin J. Schaffner, Rod Serling
3 I rate Michael Bay movies. Any other suggestions?	The Island

1 I loved You've Got Mail, Lover Come Back, Mister Roberts, Pillow Talk, Toy Story, The Breakfast Club, and The Terminal. I'm looking for a Stanley Kramer movie.	Inherit the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kramer

1 Alice and Martin, Feast of July, The Graduate, Twin Falls Idaho, Character, Velvet Goldmine, and The Idiots are movies I like. I'm looking for a writers movie.	Quills
2 Who is that directed by?	Philip Kaufman
3 I like Alan Rudolph movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle

1 Babe, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Quiz Show, Fargo, and Jurassic Park are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Nixon
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins, biographical, Oliver Stone, president
3 I like 1 movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet Joe Black

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Stage Door, Signs, Modern Times, The Wrestler, The Thin Man, and Platoon are films I loved. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Nine Lives
2 Who is that directed by?	Arne Skouen
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I liked True Lies, Double Jeopardy, Die Hard, Total Recall, Sudden Death, Ronin, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a queen movie.	Highlander
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, Clancy Brown, Roxanne Hart
3 I rate Vanessa Redgrave movies. Any other suggestions?	Mary, Queen of Scots

1 I liked Chasing Amy, Delicatessen, Blue Velvet, Goodfellas, Fargo, The Godfather, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a George Roy Hill movie.	The World According to Garp
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill

1 I loved A Clockwork Orange, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Black Swan, The Silence of the Lambs, Amélie, Persepolis, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for an István Szabó movie.	Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	István Szabó
3 I like Annette Bening movies more. Do you know anything else?	Being Julia

1 I like Heat, The Client, Pinocchio, While You Were Sleeping, The Usual Suspects, The Mask, and Clear and Present Danger. I'm looking for a british movie.	The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Monger
3 I rate Alexander Mackendrick movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ladykillers

1 I liked Casablanca, The Matrix, The Princess Bride, The Godfather, The Full Monty, Alien, and Seven Samurai. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I rate coming of age movies. Any other suggestions?	Stand by Me

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Braveheart, Fargo, Chinatown, Leaving Las Vegas, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and The African Queen are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gone with the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor, Victor Fleming, Sam Wood
3 I rate Wolfgang Petersen movies. Any other suggestions?	Enemy Mine

1 Rob Roy, Crimson Tide, Miracle on 34th Street, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, The Thin Red Line, and Das Boot are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Gettysburg
2 Who is that directed by?	Ronald F. Maxwell
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Platoon

1 Top Gun, Fried Green Tomatoes, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, The Rock, Ghost, Face/Off, and Absolute Power are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins
3 I rate Alice Faye movies. Any other suggestions?	In Old Chicago

1 Spartacus, Fanny and Alexander, Underworld, Seven Samurai, A Clockwork Orange, Excalibur, and Notorious are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, sequel, Danny Glover, Predator, Stephen Hopkins
3 I prefer Hulk movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Holds Barred

1 I really liked Natural Born Killers, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, The Fugitive, Get Shorty, and Independence Day. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I like Morten Tyldum movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Imitation Game

1 Pulp Fiction, Life Is Beautiful, Dogma, Cool Hand Luke, Dangerous Liaisons, Grosse Pointe Blank, and As Good as It Gets are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Toys
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Music, Robin Williams, Joan Cusack
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Awakenings

1 Sleepless in Seattle, The Piano, Apollo 13, Dave, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, Twister, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Love, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meg Ryan
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	You've Got Mail

1 Young Frankenstein, Dead Man Walking, City Lights, On the Waterfront, Groundhog Day, Back to the Future, and Casablanca are films I like. I'm looking for a Lewis Gilbert movie.	The Spy Who Loved Me
2 What else is that about?	james bond, spy, bond, egypt, Roger Moore, Lewis Gilbert
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Alfie

1 I liked Million Dollar Baby, Braveheart, I, Robot, American Gangster, Into the Wild, Proof, and The Blind Side. I'm looking for an Asif Kapadia movie.	Senna
2 Who does that star?	Alain Prost, Ayrton Senna
3 I like Irrfan Khan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Warrior

1 The Matrix, Annie Hall, Run Lola Run, Swingers, Boys Don't Cry, Magnolia, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Picnic at Hanging Rock
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Peter Weir
3 I prefer Norman Jewison movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Heat of the Night

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Green Mile, When Harry Met Sally..., The Secret Garden, Philadelphia, Back to the Future Part II, and Gran Torino are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Almost Famous
2 Who is that directed by?	Cameron Crowe
3 I rate Eran Riklis movies. Any other suggestions?	Lemon Tree

1 I watched the films Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Wrong Trousers, The Big One, The 400 Blows, Cinema Paradiso, Buena Vista Social Club, and Wonder Boys and loved them. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	The Kid Stays in the Picture
2 Who does that star?	Robert Evans
3 I like Stephen Hawking movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Brief History of Time

1 Into the Wild, Monsters, Inc., Up, Amélie, Once, Yes Man, and Enemy of the State are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Juno
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, original, teen, pregnancy, Ellen Page, Michael Cera, Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner, teenager, Jason Reitman
3 I prefer Francis Ford Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Peggy Sue Got Married

1 I watched the films Contempt, Ran, Dog Day Afternoon, Chinatown, Blue Velvet, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Deer Hunter and loved them. I'm looking for a great movie.	Miller's Crossing
2 What else is that about?	coen brothers, John Turturro, great, Gabriel Byrne
3 I like spielberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Schindler's List

1 Back to the Future, Iron Man, The Sixth Sense, The Matrix, Finding Nemo, Inception, and Jurassic Park are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I like Kon Ichikawa movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Makioka Sisters

1 I loved Crimson Tide, Outbreak, Aladdin, The Shawshank Redemption, Clear and Present Danger, Dances with Wolves, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a mountains movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow

1 I liked Virtuosity, Pulp Fiction, Batman, True Romance, and Broken Arrow. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Prophecy
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Widen
3 I rate Neil Jordan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Company of Wolves

1 I loved There Will Be Blood, Her, District 9, Happiness, Clerks, Amélie, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Sunrise
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, Ethan Hawke, minimalist, Richard Linklater, Julie Delpy, vienna
3 I like Tom Hardy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lawless

1 Chariots of Fire, Saving Private Ryan, The Big Chill, Erin Brockovich, Apocalypse Now, Father of the Bride, and As Good as It Gets are movies I like. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 Who does that star?	Billy Bob Thornton, Molly Ringwald
3 I prefer Jean Börlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Entr'acte

1 The Girl Next Door, Ip Man 2, Airplane!, EuroTrip, Sex Drive, American Pie 2, and Road Trip are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dolph Lundgren movie.	The Expendables
2 What else is that about?	Action, dialogue, story, plot, Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Mickey Rourke, Dolph Lundgren
3 I like dystopia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny Mnemonic

1 I really liked Ghost in the Shell, The Cat Returns, Confessions, Battle Royale, Eyes Wide Shut, Run Lola Run, and Lost in Translation. I'm looking for a hong kong movie.	Chinese Box
2 What else is that about?	china, hong kong
3 I like Crime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rush Hour

1 The Wizard of Oz, The Shawshank Redemption, Psycho, Independence Day, Batman Begins, Gandhi, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Green Mile
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Tom Hanks, Stephen King, Life, Frank Darabont, Michael Clarke Duncan, David Morse, death row
3 I like Joe Dante movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hole

1 I love Dazed and Confused, Hoop Dreams, Living in Oblivion, The Godfather, My Life as a Dog, Once Upon a Time in the West, and Primary Colors. I'm looking for a David Lynch movie.	The Elephant Man
2 What else is that about?	black and white, London, Anthony Hopkins, David Lynch, 19th century, John Hurt, lynch
3 I like surreal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eraserhead

1 I watched the films Minority Report, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Die Hard, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Bourne Identity, Finding Nemo, and Ice Age and loved them. I'm looking for a Daniel Radcliffe movie.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Chris Columbus, potter
3 I prefer Magic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

1 The Blues Brothers, Back to the Future, Back to the Future Part II, and The Fugitive are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Adventure, Music, soundtrack, George Clooney, Epic, own, John Goodman, tv, John Turturro, bluegrass, Country, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I like James Cagney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Torrid Zone

1 I like The Bridge on the River Kwai, The 39 Steps, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The African Queen, The Shining, The Third Man, and Alien. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I rate Alan J. Pakula movies. Any other suggestions?	Klute

1 Pulp Fiction, Spider-Man, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Princess Bride, Akira, and The Lost Boys are movies I like. I'm looking for a tolerance movie.	X-Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Bryan Singer

1 The Big Lebowski, Brazil, Lars and the Real Girl, Moonrise Kingdom, Primer, A Beautiful Mind, and Apocalypse Now are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	9
2 What else is that about?	War, Elijah Wood, Jennifer Connelly, John C. Reilly, Christopher Plummer, Crispin Glover, Martin Landau
3 I prefer tezuka movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Metropolis

1 The Outlaw Josey Wales, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Gladiator, Braveheart, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Kramer vs. Kramer are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Far and Away
2 What else is that about?	Romance, 70mm, Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, immigrants, Irish
3 I prefer Cecil B. DeMille movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Greatest Show on Earth

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Magnolia, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jules and Jim, High Fidelity, The Pianist, and Vertigo are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Glengarry Glen Ross
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, David Mamet, Jack Lemmon, real estate, mamet, James Foley
3 I like romantic movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Walk to Remember

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Shawshank Redemption, The Player, Heathers, When Harry Met Sally..., and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Australia, wedding, australian, Toni Collette, Rachel Griffiths
3 I prefer Allan Dwan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heidi

1 Psycho, Trainspotting, Up, The Shining, The Graduate, Apocalypse Now, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	There Will Be Blood
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, r, Paul Thomas Anderson, California, oil, Paul Dano, Upton Sinclair
3 I prefer Bob Hoskins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hollywoodland

1 A Fistful of Dollars, The Hustler, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Braveheart, The Elephant Man, West Side Story, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Last Detail
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Hal Ashby
3 I rate fraternity movies. Any other suggestions?	Revenge of the Nerds

1 Speed, Once Upon a Time in America, The Godfather, The Sting, The Spanish Prisoner, The Usual Suspects, and Lethal Weapon are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Cusack movie.	The Grifters
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Frears
3 I like Joshua Seftel movies more. Do you know anything else?	War, Inc.

1 Wicker Park, The Ring, Almost Famous, La Femme Nikita, Vanilla Sky, Chicken Run, and Gone with the Wind are films I really liked. I'm looking for a meta movie.	Bad Education
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sexuality, Love, Spanish, meta, sexual abuse, Priest, almodovar, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer Drew Goddard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cabin in the Woods

1 No Country for Old Men, Gladiator, Sling Blade, Ratatouille, Eastern Promises, The Dark Knight, and Inglourious Basterds are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Kevin Bacon, Demi Moore
3 I rate Bill Nighy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl in the Café

1 Forrest Gump, The Killing Fields, Platoon, Aliens, The Deer Hunter, Das Boot, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Young Lions
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Edward Dmytryk
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Blackbird

1 Carlito's Way, Before Sunrise, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a new orleans movie.	Hard Target
2 What else is that about?	Action, martial arts, new orleans, John Woo, Lance Henriksen
3 I like Cliff Robertson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Obsession

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, Apocalypse Now, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Great Escape and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Goodfellas
2 What else is that about?	Crime, organized crime, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, book, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci
3 I prefer Henry Hathaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Johnny Apollo

1 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Fight Club, Inglourious Basterds, Bully, Jurassic Park, The Shawshank Redemption, and Kids are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Love You, Man
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Paul Rudd, Jason Segel, John Hamburg
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Patch Adams

1 World's Greatest Dad, Batman Begins, Bullitt, The Silence of the Lambs, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Shawshank Redemption, and Born on the Fourth of July are movies I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford
2 What else is that about?	r, Brad Pitt, assassin, Western, Casey Affleck, Andrew Dominik
3 I like James Stewart movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Naked Spur

1 I love Stand by Me, Highlander, Best in Show, Rear Window, Unbreakable, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and The Little Mermaid. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Simple Plan
2 Who does that star?	Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton, Bridget Fonda
3 I like Kati Outinen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Le Havre

1 I really liked Back to the Future, Rob Roy, Bonnie and Clyde, Dracula, Some Like It Hot, Blade Runner, and The African Queen. I'm looking for a Richard Benjamin movie.	Milk Money
2 What else is that about?	Ed Harris, Richard Benjamin, Melanie Griffith
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Downtown

1 Touch of Evil, Rear Window, The Godfather, The Sting, The Odd Couple, MASH, and A Streetcar Named Desire are films I love. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	Bang the Drum Slowly
2 What else is that about?	baseball
3 I prefer own movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sandlot

1 Idiocracy, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Sixth Sense, The Bourne Supremacy, No Country for Old Men, and Back to the Future are movies I like. I'm looking for an Alain Delon movie.	Le Samouraï
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Alain Delon

1 I liked The Shining, Tommy Boy, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Unforgiven, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Dead Poets Society, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	Basic Instinct
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, sexuality, sex, erotic, sexual, Michael Douglas, Paul Verhoeven, Sharon Stone, erotic thriller
3 I rate violence movies. Any other suggestions?	Falling Down

1 The Usual Suspects, The City of Lost Children, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, The Science of Sleep, Blue Velvet, Amélie, and Children of Men are films I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Metropolis
2 Who is that directed by?	Rintaro
3 I rate Mark Dindal movies. Any other suggestions?	Cats Don't Dance

1 Pulp Fiction, Aliens, Fahrenheit 9/11, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Usual Suspects, The Tao of Steve, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Girlfight
2 Who is that directed by?	Karyn Kusama
3 I prefer Zoya Akhtar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Luck by Chance

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Bonnie and Clyde, Pulp Fiction, Shine, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Marleen Gorris
3 I rate Martha Coolidge movies. Any other suggestions?	If These Walls Could Talk 2

1 Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, The Thin Red Line, Braveheart, and American Beauty are films I liked. I'm looking for an avi movie.	American History X
2 What else is that about?	violence, Drama, Edward Norton, Prison, story, rape, brutal, Brothers, avi, nazi, Edward Furlong, Tony Kaye
3 I like Jenny Agutter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Logan's Run

1 The Mosquito Coast, Hope Floats, Private Parts, Waiting for Guffman, Pretty in Pink, Tea with Mussolini, and Field of Dreams are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a muppets movie.	Muppets from Space
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Hill
3 I like James Bobin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppets

1 While You Were Sleeping, Annie, Minority Report, Armageddon, The Pursuit of Happyness, The Bourne Identity, and Catch Me If You Can are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	P.S. I Love You
2 What else is that about?	Richard LaGravenese
3 I like Jeanne Moreau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mademoiselle

1 Beauty and the Beast, The Mask, Pretty Woman, The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, Speed, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I love. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	The Client
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon, John Grisham, Joel Schumacher
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rainmaker

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Aliens, End of Days, Heat, For Your Eyes Only, and Caligula are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Terminal Velocity
2 What else is that about?	Charlie Sheen
3 I prefer snake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Escape from New York

1 I really like Animal House, The Shawshank Redemption, Castle in the Sky, The Dark Knight, Remember the Titans, Blow, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	Inception
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, cinematography, ensemble cast, original, Leonardo DiCaprio, Heist, science fiction, Michael Caine, script, Christopher Nolan, Ellen Page, tokyo, Cillian Murphy, Marion Cotillard, editing, Tom Hardy, score, Ken Watanabe, dream, screenplay, Tom Berenger, lucid dreaming, subconscious, nolan, Dileep Rao
3 I like Sidney J. Furie movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ipcress File

1 The Pelican Brief, The Fast and the Furious, The Whole Nine Yards, Legally Blonde, The Mask of Zorro, Rat Race, and The Last Castle are films I love. I'm looking for a Greg Kinnear movie.	What Planet Are You From?
2 What else is that about?	Greg Kinnear, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer beach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Song

1 The Game, Donnie Darko, The Life of David Gale, Fight Club, Garden State, Requiem for a Dream, and Happiness are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Oldboy
2 Who does that star?	Josh Brolin, Sharlto Copley, Elizabeth Olsen
3 I prefer Edward Norton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	25th Hour

1 Jacob's Ladder, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Raging Bull, Trainspotting, Taxi Driver, American Beauty, and Logan's Run are films I really like. I'm looking for a Monster movie.	Creature from the Black Lagoon
2 What else is that about?	Monster
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	King Kong

1 Amélie, Schindler's List, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Mulholland Drive, Modern Times, Fantasia, and Edward Scissorhands are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I prefer Martin Lawrence movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	National Security

1 The Science of Sleep, Requiem for a Dream, The Golden Compass, Almost Famous, Waking Life, Trainspotting, and Princess Mononoke are films I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The White Diamond
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, Werner Herzog
3 I prefer pixar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pixar Story

1 Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Net
2 Who does that star?	Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Dennis Miller
3 I like Roy Scheider movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Thunder

1 Alien, To Kill a Mockingbird, Sense and Sensibility, The Shawshank Redemption, Jaws, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and G.I. Jane are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gaslight
2 Who is that directed by?	Thorold Dickinson
3 I rate Alfred E. Green movies. Any other suggestions?	Smart Money

1 Underground, Office Space, Mrs. Doubtfire, Dirty Dancing, The Karate Kid, Ocean's 11, and Beverly Hills Cop are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Cuba movie.	Buena Vista Social Club
2 What else is that about?	Music, musicians, latin america, Cuba, Wim Wenders, 4, Havana
3 I prefer Mikhail Kalatozov movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Am Cuba

1 Sleepless in Seattle, Much Ado About Nothing, The First Wives Club, Somewhere in Time, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Jane Eyre, and Shine are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	An Affair to Remember
2 What else is that about?	Cary Grant, Leo McCarey, Deborah Kerr
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ruggles of Red Gap

1 I liked Groundhog Day, Chinatown, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Fargo, Apollo 13, Brazil, and The Truman Show. I'm looking for a madness movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner

1 The Outlaw Josey Wales, A Face in the Crowd, Boyz n the Hood, American Pie, My Fair Lady, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and The Grapes of Wrath are movies I loved. I'm looking for a great depression movie.	Paper Moon
2 What else is that about?	depression, great depression, Peter Bogdanovich
3 I like Dillinger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Public Enemies

1 Mary Poppins, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Schindler's List, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Lion King, and Waterworld are films I really like. I'm looking for a Penelope Spheeris movie.	The Beverly Hillbillies
2 Who is that directed by?	Penelope Spheeris

1 I really liked Eat Drink Man Woman, Groundhog Day, Hercules, Manhattan, Crimes and Misdemeanors, It Happened One Night, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Men
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Trent Harris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rubin and Ed

1 The Lord of the Rings, The Terminator, Secretary, Gladiator, Sleeper, Blade Runner, and Highlander are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Conan the Barbarian
2 Who is that directed by?	John Milius
3 I rate Kevin Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Land That Time Forgot

1 Jesus' Son, Happiness, The Grapes of Wrath, Touch of Evil, The Darjeeling Limited, Top Hat, and Hamlet are movies I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bus 174
2 What else is that about?	Police, Documentary, Brazil, Hostage, José Padilha
3 I prefer competition movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Crash Reel

1 I Am Legend, The Hurt Locker, Tootsie, A Few Good Men, Glory, Ronin, and My Big Fat Greek Wedding are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I rate John Frankenheimer movies. Any other suggestions?	Seconds

1 I loved Downfall, Annie Hall, Rebecca, The Aviator, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, A Beautiful Mind, and Double Indemnity. I'm looking for a Federico Fellini movie.	La Dolce Vita
2 What else is that about?	golden palm, Italian, Federico Fellini, palme d'or
3 I like italy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Amarcord

1 Prizzi's Honor, Ashes and Diamonds, The Vanishing, Get Shorty, The Godfather, Election, and The Spy Who Came in from the Cold are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Andrzej Wajda movie.	Man of Iron
2 What else is that about?	Andrzej Wajda
3 I prefer 19th century movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Promised Land

1 I like Cyrano de Bergerac, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Goldfinger, Rocky, Mary Poppins, and The Crying Game. I'm looking for a prisoners of war movie.	La Grande Illusion
2 What else is that about?	War, world war i, Jean Renoir, prisoners of war
3 I prefer world war ii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Escape

1 I really like Labyrinth, Metropolis, The Negotiator, North by Northwest, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, Delicatessen, and Akira. I'm looking for a Jude Law movie.	Shopping
2 What else is that about?	Jude Law
3 I like Julia Roberts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Closer

1 The Fugitive, Don Juan DeMarco, Lone Star, Apollo 13, In the Line of Fire, Crimson Tide, and A Bronx Tale are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 What else is that about?	british, Hugh Grant, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet, Jane Austen, Emma Thompson, Ang Lee, English, period
3 I rate Gretchen Mol movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shape of Things

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Forrest Gump, Arizona Dream, The Jungle Book, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Fifth Element, and Erin Brockovich are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Carlos Saldanha movie.	Ice Age
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, animated, John Leguizamo, ice, Ray Romano, Carlos Saldanha, Chris Wedge
3 I like Jemaine Clement movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rio 2

1 Raising Arizona, The Princess Bride, The Lion King, Stand by Me, Cinema Paradiso, Saving Private Ryan, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I like. I'm looking for a Robert Wise movie.	The Sound of Music
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise
3 I like Jerome Robbins movies more. Do you know anything else?	West Side Story

1 Sexy Beast, The Dark Knight, Easy Rider, Dracula, Wild at Heart, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and The Sixth Sense are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Salton Sea
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Vincent D'Onofrio
3 I prefer Josh Hartnett movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 I liked Babe, Cinema Paradiso, Harold and Maude, The Silence of the Lambs, Men in Black, Bandit Queen, and My Cousin Vinny. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Titus
2 Who is that directed by?	Julie Taymor
3 I rate Mikael Håfström movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rite

1 La Haine, Blade Runner, Apocalypse Now, Better Than Chocolate, French Twist, A Beautiful Mind, and Eight Men Out are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Moonlight Mile
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I rate Cameron Crowe movies. Any other suggestions?	Elizabethtown

1 Grosse Pointe Blank, High Fidelity, The Breakfast Club, The Princess Bride, The Matrix, Blade, and A Perfect World are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Stalag 17
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Billy Wilder, William Holden, pows
3 I rate André Téchiné movies. Any other suggestions?	Strayed

1 Beneath the Planet of the Apes, Contact, Pulp Fiction, Planet of the Apes, Alien, Groundhog Day, and Smoke are films I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Aliens
2 What else is that about?	Action, Aliens, Horror, franchise, sequel, science fiction, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, James Cameron, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, Paul Reiser, planet
3 I rate Liam Neeson movies. Any other suggestions?	Wrath of the Titans

1 I like Fargo, The Shawshank Redemption, Little Miss Sunshine, Skyfall, Sideways, Big Fish, and The Godfather. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Looper
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt
3 I prefer Wesley Snipes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blade

1 Forrest Gump, The Princess Bride, Legends of the Fall, Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, Carrie, and The Breakfast Club are movies I like. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	The Postman
2 What else is that about?	future, Kevin Costner, adaptation
3 I like Robert Z. Leonard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pride and Prejudice

1 Heat, The Right Stuff, When Harry Met Sally..., Mr. Holland's Opus, Forrest Gump, Air Force One, and Weird Science are movies I love. I'm looking for a Ridley Scott movie.	White Squall
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate gangster movies. Any other suggestions?	American Gangster

1 I love Fargo, The Silence of the Lambs, The Matrix, Contact, L.A. Confidential, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for an Action movie.	La Femme Nikita
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, French, Luc Besson
3 I like martial arts movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Forbidden Kingdom

1 I loved Papillon, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Pulp Fiction, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Wild Bunch
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, library, national film registry, Western, Sam Peckinpah, William Holden, Ernest Borgnine
3 I prefer Don Knotts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shakiest Gun in the West

1 Some Like It Hot, Double Indemnity, The Asphalt Jungle, Inherit the Wind, Lawrence of Arabia, MASH, and Strangers on a Train are films I really like. I'm looking for an Elizabeth Taylor movie.	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Family, Paul Newman, Tennessee Williams, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Brooks
3 I rate George Stevens movies. Any other suggestions?	A Place in the Sun

1 Primer, Taxi Driver, The Iron Giant, Memento, Time Bandits, Dawn of the Dead, and Aliens are films I liked. I'm looking for a Richard Matheson movie.	The Incredible Shrinking Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Arnold
3 I prefer Terence Fisher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Rides Out

1 Singin' in the Rain, The Untouchables, Shakespeare in Love, Bonnie and Clyde, The Thin Blue Line, Reservoir Dogs, and Carlito's Way are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Hurricane
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I prefer Andrei Tarkovsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Solaris

1 I love The Sixth Sense, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, The Matrix, Tommy Boy, Crash, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Dakota Fanning movie.	War of the Worlds
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Dakota Fanning, Justin Chatwin
3 I like Brittany Murphy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Uptown Girls

1 I like Jaws, Harold and Maude, Shadowlands, The Juror, My Fair Lady, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The First Wives Club
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, women, Divorce, Goldie Hawn
3 I prefer coming of age movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Risky Business

1 I liked The Wizard of Oz, Yojimbo, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Akira, Batman, Being John Malkovich, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Thunderbolt and Lightfoot
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Cimino
3 I like John Irvin movies more. Do you know anything else?	City of Industry

1 I loved Rain Man, A Beautiful Mind, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Memento, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Dead Poets Society, and Shrek. I'm looking for a monty python movie.	And Now for Something Completely Different
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, monty python, John Cleese
3 I prefer british comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monty Python and the Holy Grail

1 Kingdom of Heaven, The Shawshank Redemption, Gladiator, The Last Samurai, The Queen, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a language movie.	The King's Speech
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, War, r, historical, acting, London, Helena Bonham Carter, Colin Firth, australian, Geoffrey Rush, language, united kingdom, Tom Hooper, stuttering, king, historic, speech, stutter
3 I like Christos Stergioglou movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dogtooth

1 Saving Private Ryan, Alien, Aliens, Jurassic Park, The Terminator, Braveheart, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness, Sessue Hayakawa
3 I rate Fredric March movies. Any other suggestions?	The Road to Glory

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Exorcist, Psycho, Alien, Little Voice, Fargo, and Witness are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Carpenter movie.	Vampires
2 Who does that star?	James Woods, Sheryl Lee, Daniel Baldwin, Thomas Ian Griffith
3 I prefer Kurt Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Escape from New York

1 American History X, Lars and the Real Girl, The Counterfeiters, Pan's Labyrinth, Life Is Beautiful, Apollo 13, and Lord of War are films I loved. I'm looking for a cia movie.	Syriana
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Christopher Plummer, Amr Waked
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	A Good Day to Die Hard

1 Tootsie, The Graduate, Shrek, American Beauty, Requiem for a Dream, Big Fish, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Big
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, 1980s, 80s, Elizabeth Perkins, Penny Marshall
3 I like High School movies more. Do you know anything else?	Teen Wolf

1 I watched the films Back to the Future Part II, Lethal Weapon 3, Get Shorty, Lethal Weapon, Army of Darkness, Contact, and Groundhog Day and loved them. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Sphere
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Samuel L. Jackson, Dustin Hoffman, Michael Crichton, Barry Levinson
3 I prefer shooting movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Natural

1 Outland, Gladiator, Ed Wood, An American Werewolf in Paris, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Basket Case, and Blade Runner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Under the Rainbow
2 Who does that star?	Carrie Fisher, Chevy Chase, Eve Arden
3 I rate Peter Dinklage movies. Any other suggestions?	Death at a Funeral

1 Dances with Wolves, Edward Scissorhands, Contact, Ulee's Gold, Gattaca, Toy Story, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Sphere
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Samuel L. Jackson, Dustin Hoffman, Michael Crichton, Barry Levinson
3 I prefer book movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Andromeda Strain

1 A Hard Day's Night, Ben-Hur, Pinocchio, Chinatown, A Clockwork Orange, Nashville, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Ladykillers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, british, Peter Sellers, Alec Guinness, Herbert Lom, ealing studios, Alexander Mackendrick
3 I like Jack Lemmon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grumpier Old Men

1 Minority Report, Goodfellas, Role Models, Batman Begins, Casino Royale, The Departed, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I love. I'm looking for an Amy Adams movie.	The Fighter
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, sports, Christian Bale, Mark Wahlberg, Amy Adams, David O. Russell, Melissa Leo
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppets

1 Amélie, The Man Who Would Be King, Princess Mononoke, Bicycle Thieves, Until the End of the World, Seven Samurai, and Bloody Sunday are films I really liked. I'm looking for an unsimulated sex movie.	Intimacy
2 What else is that about?	unsimulated sex

1 Rocky II, Man on the Moon, Cool Hand Luke, The Fugitive, The Thomas Crown Affair, The French Connection, and Dances with Wolves are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, franchise, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, india, indiana jones, want, Lucas, indiana
3 I like space movies more. Do you know anything else?	SpaceCamp

1 I really liked The Silence of the Lambs, When Harry Met Sally..., Fearless, The Hunt for Red October, Swingers, The Wedding Singer, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a supernatural movie.	The Gift
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Cate Blanchett, Katie Holmes, Giovanni Ribisi
3 I rate Chris Messina movies. Any other suggestions?	Devil

1 Casino Royale, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Blade Runner, The Fifth Element, Amélie, Good Will Hunting, and The Ice Storm are movies I liked. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	The Celebration
2 Who is that directed by?	Thomas Vinterberg
3 I prefer Lawrence Kasdan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Chill

1 I really liked The Princess Bride, L.A. Confidential, The Lion King, Gladiator, She's All That, Tarzan, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	10 Things I Hate About You
2 Who is that directed by?	Gil Junger
3 I prefer William Dear movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	If Looks Could Kill

1 Pulp Fiction, About Schmidt, The Perfect Storm, Rushmore, High Fidelity, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I like Claes Eriksson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Leif

1 High Fidelity, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Fargo, Clerks, American Beauty, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Welcome to the Dollhouse are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Ben Affleck movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 What else is that about?	High School, ensemble cast, teen, Ben Affleck, Milla Jovovich, Matthew McConaughey, Richard Linklater
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Mallrats

1 Chasing Amy, Fargo, Say Anything..., Central Station, The Wings of the Dove, The Truman Show, and Short Cuts are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mary Tyler Moore movie.	Ordinary People
2 What else is that about?	Family, Robert Redford, Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Timothy Hutton

1 I liked The Exorcist, Raising Arizona, The Graduate, The Deer Hunter, The Producers, Mary Poppins, and Raise the Red Lantern. I'm looking for a gay movie.	Trick
2 Who does that star?	Tori Spelling, Christian Campbell, John Paul Pitoc
3 I prefer Brad Rowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss

1 Infernal Affairs, The Princess Bride, The Terminator, The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Office Space are films I like. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I rate Alex Proyas movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crow

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Nell, Leaving Las Vegas, Dolores Claiborne, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Fugitive, and The Piano are movies I love. I'm looking for a world war i movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I prefer Howard Hughes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hell's Angels

1 Garden State, Love Actually, Slumdog Millionaire, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, A Beautiful Mind, Good Will Hunting, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I love. I'm looking for a Michael Pitt movie.	Finding Forrester
2 What else is that about?	High School, Sean Connery, writing, Gus Van Sant, Michael Pitt, F. Murray Abraham
3 I rate Tim Roth movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny Games

1 Clerks, Toy Story 2, Trainspotting, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Rushmore, and The Best Years of Our Lives are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I like nonlinear movies more. Do you know anything else?	Memento

1 I really liked Superman, Sleepy Hollow, The Machinist, Hero, Grindhouse, Outbreak, and The Wrong Trousers. I'm looking for a hallucinations movie.	Videodrome
2 Who does that star?	James Woods, Deborah Harry, Sonja Smits

1 The Rock, Jurassic Park, Beauty and the Beast, Twister, Forrest Gump, The Birdcage, and Broken Arrow are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Roland Emmerich movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I rate Jake Gyllenhaal movies. Any other suggestions?	The Day After Tomorrow

1 Toy Story 2, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Lawrence of Arabia, The Little Mermaid, and Ghostbusters are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	Cool Runnings
2 What else is that about?	sports, olympics, John Candy, jamaica, Jon Turteltaub, bobsled
3 I rate Tom Hanks movies. Any other suggestions?	Volunteers

1 Forrest Gump, King Kong, Army of Darkness, The Dark Crystal, Watership Down, Elizabeth, and Jean de Florette are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Young Guns
2 What else is that about?	Western, guns, Kiefer Sutherland, Emilio Estevez, Jack Palance, Christopher Cain, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I prefer David Morse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Proof of Life

1 I really like The English Patient, My Fair Lady, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Wizard of Oz, The Remains of the Day, Heavenly Creatures, and Emma. I'm looking for a Priest movie.	Priest
2 What else is that about?	Priest
3 I like meta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Education

1 Young Guns, Platoon, True Romance, Nosferatu, Killing Zoe, The Blues Brothers, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I love. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	Nick of Time
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Christopher Walken, Charles S. Dutton, Courtney Chase
3 I like Leonardo DiCaprio movies more. Do you know anything else?	Catch Me If You Can

1 Fargo, Reservoir Dogs, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Graduate, Apocalypse Now, Clerks, and Mighty Aphrodite are films I really like. I'm looking for a Chuck Russell movie.	The Blob
2 What else is that about?	remake, Chuck Russell
3 I rate Kelly Hu movies. Any other suggestions?	The Scorpion King

1 I really liked The Big Lebowski, Blade Runner, Le Samouraï, Predator, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, Toy Story, and Sanjuro. I'm looking for an Anjelica Huston movie.	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Cate Blanchett, ocean, Willem Dafoe, Anjelica Huston
3 I rate Christina Ricci movies. Any other suggestions?	Buffalo '66

1 I loved The African Queen, The Producers, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Duck Soup, 8½, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Walter Huston, Tim Holt
3 I like Danny Kaye movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Court Jester

1 Tootsie, Dogville, Rain Man, Ghost, The Silence of the Lambs, Runaway Jury, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Bob Hoskins movie.	The Long Good Friday
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren, Bob Hoskins
3 I prefer Robin Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hook

1 Inherit the Wind, Three Kings, Scrooged, Memento, Roman Holiday, Secretary, and Panic are films I like. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	The Woodsman
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon, Eve
3 I prefer Lawrence Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Hell

1 Farewell My Concubine and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Secret of Roan Inish
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles
3 I prefer Dale Rosenbloom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shiloh

1 Pulp Fiction, Eat Drink Man Woman, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Schindler's List, Lone Star, A Close Shave, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Jackie Chan, hong kong
3 I prefer disney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An Extremely Goofy Movie

1 I loved Alien, Aliens, Wild Strawberries, A Fistful of Dollars, City of God, The Shining, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 What else is that about?	classic, death, medieval, Ingmar Bergman, Swedish, god, chess, Max von Sydow, seven
3 I prefer Victor Fleming movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wizard of Oz

1 Tombstone, Independence Day, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Much Ado About Nothing, Batman, Vampire in Brooklyn, and In the Line of Fire are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Desperado
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Robert Rodriguez, mexico, Antonio Banderas
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Fish

1 I really liked Topsy-Turvy, Welcome to the Dollhouse, When Harry Met Sally..., A Shot in the Dark, The Adventures of Milo and Otis, Another Thin Man, and Finding Neverland. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Without Limits
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Towne
3 I prefer Spike Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	He Got Game

1 Drive, Saving Private Ryan, The Incredibles, The Great Escape, Pulp Fiction, The Big Lebowski, and Sanjuro are movies I loved. I'm looking for a samurai movie.	Samurai Rebellion
2 What else is that about?	japan, samurai, Masaki Kobayashi
3 I prefer Takashi Miike movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	13 Assassins

1 I like Billy Elliot, Doctor Zhivago, La Strada, Double Indemnity, Lilies of the Field, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Persona. I'm looking for a Roger Spottiswoode movie.	And the Band Played On
2 What else is that about?	Roger Spottiswoode
3 I prefer Sylvester Stallone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot

1 I really like Mad Love, Pretty Woman, Forrest Gump, Ghost, Bed of Roses, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Philip Seymour Hoffman movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 Who does that star?	Ellen Burstyn, Meg Ryan, Tina Majorino
3 I rate Philip Seymour Hoffman movies. Any other suggestions?	Doubt

1 I watched the films Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, True Romance, and Philadelphia and loved them. I'm looking for a Paul Morrissey movie.	Heat
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Morrissey

1 I watched the films Schindler's List, Aliens, Dances with Wolves, Citizen Kane, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Deer Hunter, and The Terminator and loved them. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Short Cuts
2 Who does that star?	Andie MacDowell, Jack Lemmon
3 I like Steve Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	L.A. Story

1 I like Brazil, Ghost in the Shell, and The Dark Crystal. I'm looking for an Anthony Minghella movie.	The English Patient
2 What else is that about?	War, Love, world war i, Anthony Minghella, patient, burn victim
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Talented Mr. Ripley

1 I like Hitch, Miss Congeniality, The Shawshank Redemption, Grease, Twister, The Lion King, and Matilda. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I prefer Joan Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ice Storm

1 Scarface, Boyz n the Hood, Rounders, The Usual Suspects, American History X, Casino, and Gremlins are movies I loved. I'm looking for a mafia movie.	Suicide Kings
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter O'Fallon
3 I rate Sidney Lumet movies. Any other suggestions?	Find Me Guilty

1 I really like Tora! Tora! Tora!, Notorious, The African Queen, The French Connection, Caddyshack, The Odd Couple, and Ocean's Eleven. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Trouble with Harry
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I like pregnancy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Juno

1 I like Requiem for a Dream and The Godfather. I'm looking for an Elijah Wood movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I like Michel Gondry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, As Good as It Gets, The Bridges of Madison County, Titanic, The Silence of the Lambs, The Piano, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	SubUrbia
2 What else is that about?	SubUrbia, Richard Linklater
3 I prefer Sarah Polley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Take This Waltz

1 I like Conan the Barbarian, Jeremiah Johnson, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, Courage Under Fire, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Charlie's Angels. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Born Free
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer monty python movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Holy Flying Circus

1 MASH, Sneakers, The Dirty Dozen, The Blues Brothers, Strange Days, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Dune are films I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Musical, Tim Burton, Roald Dahl, Henry Selick
3 I rate disney movies. Any other suggestions?	Pinocchio

1 The Sixth Sense, American Beauty, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Trainspotting, Contact, Sleeper, and Malcolm X are films I loved. I'm looking for a Cate Blanchett movie.	The Talented Mr. Ripley
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Minghella
3 I prefer Shekhar Kapur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elizabeth

1 The Usual Suspects, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Schindler's List, Leaving Las Vegas, Shine, Apollo 13, and The Third Man are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boogie Nights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, 1970s, Mark Wahlberg, Paul Thomas Anderson, 70s
3 I rate space movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fountain

1 Requiem for a Dream, Donnie Darko, Napoleon Dynamite, Garden State, Punch-Drunk Love, Memento, and Finding Nemo are films I really liked. I'm looking for a David Cross movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 What else is that about?	nonlinear, r, Jim Carrey, original, Love, Memory, romantic, Kirsten Dunst, Charlie Kaufman, Kate Winslet, strange, Elijah Wood, Mark Ruffalo, Michel Gondry, non-linear, David Cross, Tom Wilkinson, mind
3 I like 3d movies more. Do you know anything else?	Megamind

1 Fargo, The Patriot, Romeo and Juliet, Doctor Zhivago, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Importance of Being Earnest are movies I love. I'm looking for an apartment movie.	Barefoot in the Park
2 What else is that about?	Neil Simon, apartment, Gene Saks
3 I rate Water movies. Any other suggestions?	Dark Water

1 Grease, City Lights, The Wizard of Oz, Mommie Dearest, Vertigo, Lost Horizon, and Purple Noon are films I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Trouble in Paradise
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Ernst Lubitsch, Miriam Hopkins
3 I rate Bette Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	All About Eve

1 The Grifters, Twin Falls Idaho, Cape Fear, Strangers on a Train, Arlington Road, Devil in a Blue Dress, and American Beauty are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bowfinger
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, hollywood, Eddie Murphy, Steve Martin, Frank Oz
3 I like Richard Boleslawski movies more. Do you know anything else?	Theodora Goes Wild

1 The Apartment, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, When Harry Met Sally..., American Beauty, North by Northwest, Lawrence of Arabia, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Supremacy
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, assassin, Matt Damon, Conspiracy, amnesia, cia, spy, Julia Stiles, Robert Ludlum, Paul Greengrass
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Fist of Legend

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Dante's Peak, The Princess Bride, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jurassic Park, Apollo 13, and The Birds are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Poltergeist
2 Who is that directed by?	Tobe Hooper
3 I prefer Jorge Grau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Let Sleeping Corpses Lie

1 Schindler's List, Ghost, Forget Paris, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Four Weddings and a Funeral are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addams Family Values
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Macabre, Anjelica Huston, Joan Cusack, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Cary Grant movies more. Do you know anything else?	That Touch of Mink

1 Philadelphia, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, Nell, The Secret of Roan Inish, Forrest Gump, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nine Months
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, Joan Cusack, Hugh Grant, Tom Arnold
3 I prefer Don Adams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nude Bomb

1 Annie Hall, Rashomon, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Amélie, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Raising Arizona, and The Royal Tenenbaums are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an original movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, ensemble cast, original, story, Heist, tarantino, Steve Buscemi, cast, cult, Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer John Travolta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pulp Fiction

1 Drop Dead Fred, Aliens, Edward Scissorhands, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Batman, The Dark Crystal, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kyle MacLachlan movie.	Dune
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, David Lynch, desert, lynch, Frank Herbert, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I rate surreal movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Velvet

1 Ghost in the Shell, The Man with the Golden Gun, Magnum Force, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Young Frankenstein, Animal House, and The Blues Brothers are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	First Blood
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, Brian Dennehy, Richard Crenna
3 I prefer Darren Shahlavi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Born to Raise Hell

1 Rain Man, The English Patient, Braveheart, The Dark Knight, Run Lola Run, The Truman Show, and Spirited Away are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Notebook
2 Who is that directed by?	János Szász
3 I prefer Roland Emmerich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Independence Day

1 I loved American Beauty, Memento, American History X, The Sixth Sense, Fight Club, Shutter Island, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Departed
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Mark Wahlberg, Jack Nicholson
3 I prefer Gwyneth Paltrow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Perfect Murder

1 I liked Out of Sight, The Big Lebowski, Fargo, Clerks, In the Line of Fire, The Usual Suspects, and Sleepers. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Evil Dead II
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi
3 I like Edgar Allan Poe movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tomb of Ligeia

1 Babe, The Rock, The Lion King, Forrest Gump, Die Hard, The Firm, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a William Wyler movie.	Ben-Hur
2 What else is that about?	historical, long, national film registry, best picture, William Wyler, Charlton Heston, historical drama
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wuthering Heights

1 Apollo 13, The Producers, Young Frankenstein, Saving Private Ryan, The Hustler, Chicago, and Finding Nemo are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edward Dmytryk movie.	The Young Lions
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Edward Dmytryk
3 I rate world war ii movies. Any other suggestions?	The Caine Mutiny

1 Gladiator, Sin City, The Crow, The Matrix, The Shining, Aliens, and Three Kings are films I really liked. I'm looking for an original movie.	Saw
2 Who is that directed by?	James Wan
3 I prefer Rian Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Looper

1 Sweet Smell of Success, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Blood Diamond, Blazing Saddles, An American in Paris, Children of Men, and The Hustler are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Duel in the Sun
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Joseph Cotten, Lionel Barrymore, Jennifer Jones
3 I prefer Ernest Borgnine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jubal

1 Willow, Beetlejuice, The Wizard of Oz, Juno, The Princess Bride, Tommy Boy, and The Big Lebowski are films I loved. I'm looking for a Jon Heder movie.	Napoleon Dynamite
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, gross, Jon Heder, Jared Hess, Napoleon Dynamite
3 I prefer Will Ferrell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blades of Glory

1 The Spanish Prisoner, Bridget Jones's Diary, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Wag the Dog, How to Marry a Millionaire, High Fidelity, and My Beautiful Laundrette are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cry Freedom
2 What else is that about?	africa, 1970s, south africa, apartheid, Richard Attenborough
3 I rate Jodie Foster movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hotel New Hampshire

1 I like To Kill a Mockingbird, The Red Violin, Saving Private Ryan, Erin Brockovich, Schindler's List, Cinema Paradiso, and Patton. I'm looking for a refugees movie.	Hotel Rwanda
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry George

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Heathers, Donnie Darko, Ed Wood, Jurassic Park, Alien, and Air Force One are films I loved. I'm looking for an invisible man movie.	Hollow Man
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Horror, Kevin Bacon, b-movie, Paul Verhoeven, Josh Brolin, Elisabeth Shue, invisible man

1 Buffalo '66, The Fifth Element, Menace II Society, Blade Runner, Wings of Desire, Character, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are movies I love. I'm looking for a John Boorman movie.	The General
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Gleeson, John Boorman
3 I rate London movies. Any other suggestions?	Hope and Glory

1 I really like Hamlet, The Sixth Sense, The Godfather, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Arsenic and Old Lace, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I like Lee Remick movies more. Do you know anything else?	Anatomy of a Murder

1 I loved Dave, Disclosure, Chinatown, Die Hard, Caddyshack, Lethal Weapon, and Predator. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Behind Enemy Lines
2 Who does that star?	Owen Wilson, Gene Hackman
3 I like Roy Scheider movies more. Do you know anything else?	The French Connection

1 The Sound of Music, Hoop Dreams, The Brothers McMullen, The Remains of the Day, Vanya on 42nd Street, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I like. I'm looking for an Irish movie.	Circle of Friends
2 What else is that about?	Irish, Pat O'Connor
3 I like Stephen Frears movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Snapper

1 Platoon, The English Patient, Office Space, Glory, The Last of the Mohicans, The Godfather, and Braveheart are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	I Saw What You Did
2 Who is that directed by?	William Castle
3 I rate Tobe Hooper movies. Any other suggestions?	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2

1 Goldfinger, Brewster's Millions, X-Men, Maverick, The Thomas Crown Affair, Live and Let Die, and Beverly Hills Cop III are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sylvester Stallone, Roger Spottiswoode
3 I like Jared Hess movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nacho Libre

1 The City of Lost Children, Das Boot, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Ronin, Willow, Blade Runner, and Fight Club are films I like. I'm looking for a Tom Tykwer movie.	Run Lola Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Tykwer

1 Legends of the Fall, The Shawshank Redemption, Billy Madison, Mallrats, Higher Learning, Aladdin, and Beautiful Girls are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waiting to Exhale
2 Who is that directed by?	Forest Whitaker
3 I rate Charles Burnett movies. Any other suggestions?	Killer of Sheep

1 I watched the films Rat Race, Exit Wounds, Cast Away, American Pie, Shrek, American Pie 2, and Meet the Parents and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Little Nicky
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adam Sandler, Steven Brill
3 I like president movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man of the Year

1 The Lion King, Aladdin, Jumanji, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pinocchio, Beauty and the Beast, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer Western movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hallelujah Trail

1 La Haine, Taxi Driver, Contempt, Dead Man Walking, Happiness, The Shawshank Redemption, and Vanya on 42nd Street are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Ed Harris movie.	Pollock
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I like Christopher Plummer movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Beautiful Mind

1 Gremlins, Sleepwalkers, Puppet Master II, The Haunted World of El Superbeasto, Eragon, Hardware, and The Angry Red Planet are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Hell Night
2 What else is that about?	slasher
3 I like Horror movies more. Do you know anything else?	Friday the 13th Part III

1 The Terminator, The Rock, The Fugitive, Jeffrey, Richard III, A Fish Called Wanda, and Aliens are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kingpin
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, sports, Woody Harrelson, farrelly brothers, Randy Quaid
3 I rate Martin Short movies. Any other suggestions?	Pure Luck

1 Braveheart, Rob Roy, Ghost, The American President, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, and Emma are movies I liked. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Michael Collins
2 What else is that about?	historical, Irish, Neil Jordan
3 I rate War movies. Any other suggestions?	The Patriot

1 Midnight Run, Con Air, Brighton Beach Memoirs, Menace II Society, Terms of Endearment, Heat, and Air Force One are films I like. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	Cujo
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Teague
3 I prefer Frank Darabont movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shawshank Redemption

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Double Indemnity, The Godfather, Pumpkinhead, Jurassic Park, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ghost of Frankenstein
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Bellamy, Lon Chaney Jr., Cedric Hardwicke, Lionel Atwill
3 I prefer Luke Kleintank movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark House

1 Final Destination, The Producers, The Way of the Gun, Frailty, Cruel Intentions, Inception, and Office Space are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What's the Worst That Could Happen?
2 Who does that star?	John Leguizamo, Danny DeVito, Martin Lawrence
3 I like Michelle Monaghan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Better Living Through Chemistry

1 I loved Ben-Hur, Cop Land, The Terminator, Fargo, The Assignment, Forrest Gump, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sliding Doors
2 What else is that about?	r, british, Gwyneth Paltrow, John Hannah, Peter Howitt
3 I rate Lee J. Cobb movies. Any other suggestions?	On the Waterfront

1 I love American Beauty, Lone Star, Adventures in Babysitting, Get Shorty, Traffic, Almost Famous, and Titanic. I'm looking for a british movie.	Sliding Doors
2 Who does that star?	Gwyneth Paltrow, John Hannah, Jeanne Tripplehorn, John Lynch
3 I like Ralph Fiennes movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Constant Gardener

1 Dead Poets Society, Rocky IV, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Crucible, Airplane!, The Great Mouse Detective, and Field of Dreams are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Rescuers
2 Who does that star?	Bob Newhart, Eva Gabor, Geraldine Page
3 I rate Jeremy Irons movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man in the Iron Mask

1 I like Traffic, The Player, Schindler's List, Groundhog Day, The Shawshank Redemption, Boogie Nights, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Apostle
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Duvall
3 I prefer George Roy Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toys in the Attic

1 Glory, Goodfellas, Dogma, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, Don Juan DeMarco, and Conan the Barbarian are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Casablanca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, War, nazis, Love, africa, hollywood, Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Michael Curtiz, best picture, stage, nazi, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, bogart, Play, Paul Henreid
3 I like vistavision movies more. Do you know anything else?	Strategic Air Command

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Sleeping Beauty, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Superman II, Bowling for Columbine, Gosford Park, and The Philadelphia Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a High School movie.	Pretty in Pink
2 Who does that star?	Molly Ringwald
3 I like Stephanie Fondue movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cheerleaders

1 Traffic, The Thing, Enemy at the Gates, Lethal Weapon, Bonnie and Clyde, The Terminator, and Patton are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Lee Tamahori movie.	Along Came a Spider
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Morgan Freeman, Lee Tamahori
3 I prefer violence movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Were Warriors

1 American Beauty, Let the Right One In, Pulp Fiction, The Fifth Element, Forrest Gump, Four Rooms, and Hero are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 Who does that star?	Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn
3 I rate Burt Reynolds movies. Any other suggestions?	City Heat

1 Blazing Saddles, L.A. Confidential, Clerks, High Fidelity, Thunderball, Duck Soup, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Roger Moore movie.	Live and Let Die
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Hamilton
3 I like Lewis Gilbert movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Spy Who Loved Me

1 Batman Begins, Memento, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Falling Down, Apollo 13, Gladiator, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Do the Right Thing
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, John Turturro, Spike Lee
3 I prefer Naomi Kawase movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shara

1 The Terminator, Highlander, The Rock, Sabrina, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dolores Claiborne are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Young Guns
2 Who does that star?	Kiefer Sutherland, Charlie Sheen, Emilio Estevez, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I prefer Mel Gibson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lethal Weapon 2

1 Reservoir Dogs, Dirty Dancing, Lethal Weapon, The Lion King, Swordfish, Timecop, and Beverly Hills Cop are films I loved. I'm looking for an emotional movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Matt Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

1 I liked The Omega Man, Mr. Nobody, The Road, Sherlock Holmes, Skyfall, Grindhouse, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a video game movie.	The Last Starfighter
2 What else is that about?	space, video game
3 I like Dennis Hopper movies more. Do you know anything else?	Super Mario Bros.

1 101 Reykjavík, Akira, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Fargo, Bowling for Columbine, Survive Style 5+, and Un Chien Andalou are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a William S. Burroughs movie.	Naked Lunch
2 What else is that about?	drugs, dreamlike, David Cronenberg, cronenberg, William S. Burroughs

1 Saving Private Ryan, Species, Body Snatchers, Beverly Hills Cop, Cool Hand Luke, Equilibrium, and The Da Vinci Code are movies I loved. I'm looking for a cult movie.	The Frighteners
2 What else is that about?	ghosts, supernatural, Peter Jackson, Michael J. Fox, cult
3 I rate Samuel L. Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	Pulp Fiction

1 I watched the films Gandhi, Schindler's List, Unforgiven, The Straight Story, Tombstone, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Muppet Movie and loved them. I'm looking for a civil war movie.	Glory
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I prefer Ken Loach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wind That Shakes the Barley

1 Being There, Boys Don't Cry, The Cider House Rules, Terms of Endearment, and A League of Their Own are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Little Big Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Arthur Penn
3 I like Rainer Werner Fassbinder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Whity

1 Grindhouse, Finding Nemo, The Dark Knight, Sin City, The Fifth Element, Shrek, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe
3 I prefer Victor Mature movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Million B.C.

1 MASH, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Edward Scissorhands, The Candidate, Fargo, The Wings of the Dove, and The Jewel of the Nile are movies I liked. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Snow Falling on Cedars
2 What else is that about?	cinematography
3 I prefer ensemble cast movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Thin Red Line

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, Belle de Jour, Immortal Beloved, Barcelona, Taxi Driver, Smoke, and Flirting with Disaster and loved them. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I like Kirsten Dunst movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Virgin Suicides

1 Shakespeare in Love, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Breaker Morant, North by Northwest, Saving Private Ryan, Rear Window, and Memento are movies I love. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	Strangers on a Train
2 Who does that star?	Farley Granger, Leo G. Carroll, Ruth Roman, Robert Walker
3 I prefer Henry Fonda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wrong Man

1 Spirited Away, Shaun of the Dead, A Beautiful Mind, Pan's Labyrinth, Up, The Family Man, and The Dark Knight Rises are movies I like. I'm looking for a Stuart Rosenberg movie.	The Amityville Horror
2 What else is that about?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I like George Kennedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cool Hand Luke

1 French Kiss, Twister, Shakespeare in Love, L.A. Story, Emma, The American President, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sliding Doors
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Howitt
3 I like Martha Coolidge movies more. Do you know anything else?	Out to Sea

1 A Few Good Men, Braveheart, Shakespeare in Love, The Silence of the Lambs, Groundhog Day, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The 13th Warrior are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Highlander
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, queen, Russell Mulcahy, Clancy Brown
3 I like science fiction movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jurassic Park

1 I like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Black Hawk Down, The Exorcist, Million Dollar Baby, Unforgiven, The Usual Suspects, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a War movie.	Platoon
2 What else is that about?	War, r, vietnam war, vietnam, Willem Dafoe, Oliver Stone, Charlie Sheen, best picture, Tom Berenger
3 I rate Alan Parker movies. Any other suggestions?	Birdy

1 American Beauty, The Usual Suspects, Gladiator, The Abyss, The Shining, The Untouchables, and Glory are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Color Purple
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Sandy Tung movies. Any other suggestions?	Across the Tracks

1 Sense and Sensibility, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Speed, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The American President
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Otto Preminger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hurry Sundown

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Shrek 2, Life Is Beautiful, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sixth Sense, About a Boy, and Bridget Jones's Diary are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love Actually
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Curtis
3 I prefer Mark Waters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mean Girls

1 Braveheart, Willow, Vanilla Sky, Amélie, A Beautiful Mind, Dune, and Moulin Rouge! are films I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Dark Crystal
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz, Jim Henson
3 I like Roko Belic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Happy

1 Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, All the President's Men, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Road to Perdition, The Pianist, Schindler's List, and Toy Story 2 are films I really like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Stage Door
2 Who does that star?	Katharine Hepburn, Adolphe Menjou, Ginger Rogers, Gail Patrick
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Godfather, Good Will Hunting, Swingers, Go, L.A. Confidential, American History X, and Parenthood are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fletch
2 Who does that star?	Chevy Chase, Joe Don Baker
3 I rate Alec Baldwin movies. Any other suggestions?	Beetlejuice

1 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The General's Daughter, Pretty Woman, A Few Good Men, The Pelican Brief, The Bourne Ultimatum, and Ghost are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Along Came a Spider
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman
3 I prefer Rhys Ifans movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Anonymous

1 I watched the films The Last Emperor, The Silence of the Lambs, American History X, The Maltese Falcon, The Last Picture Show, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and The Shawshank Redemption and loved them. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Amistad
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, Nigel Hawthorne
3 I like Jack Nicholson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bucket List

1 I like Swordfish, Bound, A Beautiful Mind, Spanglish, The Royal Tenenbaums, Fight Club, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Desert Blue
2 Who is that directed by?	Morgan J. Freeman
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Melinda and Melinda

1 Notorious, Around the World in Eighty Days, The Great Escape, Somewhere in Time, The Black Cauldron, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Back to the Future are films I loved. I'm looking for a nudity movie.	Heavy Metal
2 What else is that about?	Animation, nudity
3 I prefer Spike Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	She Hate Me

1 I loved Bound, Get Shorty, The Player, Pi, The Princess Bride, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Bottle Rocket. I'm looking for a Mary McDonnell movie.	Sneakers
2 Who is that directed by?	Phil Alden Robinson
3 I rate John Sayles movies. Any other suggestions?	Passion Fish

1 I like Liar Liar, Toy Story 2, Grumpy Old Men, She's All That, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Rob Schneider movie.	The Waterboy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, Kathy Bates, Fairuza Balk, Henry Winkler, Frank Coraci
3 I rate David Spade movies. Any other suggestions?	The Benchwarmers

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Apollo 13, Dave, Toy Story, Sense and Sensibility, Muriel's Wedding, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Ang Lee

1 City Lights, American Beauty, Annie Hall, Strangers on a Train, Citizen Kane, Modern Times, and The Blair Witch Project are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like christmas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Holiday in Handcuffs

1 I like A River Runs Through It, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fifth Element, The Jungle Book, Alien, Spider-Man, and The Mummy Returns. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jungle Book
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, india, Rudyard Kipling, Sabu
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	King Solomon's Mines

1 Reservoir Dogs, Eastern Promises, Rear Window, Fargo, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Pianist, and Donnie Darko are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I like Denzel Washington movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Siege

1 Fantasia, Brazil, Clerks, Belle de Jour, Grave of the Fireflies, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and Being John Malkovich are movies I loved. I'm looking for an algeria movie.	The Battle of Algiers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, French, france, africa, political, algeria, colonial power, Gillo Pontecorvo
3 I like independence movies more. Do you know anything else?	Outside the Law

1 Grosse Pointe Blank, Fargo, The Magnificent Seven, Parenthood, Bull Durham, Blue Velvet, and Casablanca are films I loved. I'm looking for a rape movie.	Straw Dogs
2 Who does that star?	James Marsden, Kate Bosworth
3 I rate Daniel Franzese movies. Any other suggestions?	I Spit on Your Grave

1 Wag the Dog, American Beauty, A Close Shave, Casino, The Triplets of Belleville, Amélie, and Moonrise Kingdom are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jacques Audiard movie.	A Prophet
2 What else is that about?	Prison, French, Jacques Audiard, Tahar Rahim
3 I prefer Vincent Cassel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Read My Lips

1 Jaws, Rocky, Pulp Fiction, Rob Roy, The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Breakfast Club, and The Boondock Saints are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Something Wicked This Way Comes
2 Who does that star?	Jonathan Pryce, Jason Robards, Diane Ladd
3 I like Daniel Huttlestone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Into the Woods

1 I watched the films Auntie Mame, Dog Day Afternoon, Ninotchka, Gone with the Wind, The Quiet Man, Eat Drink Man Woman, and The Full Monty and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Volunteers
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, John Candy
3 I rate Dane Cook movies. Any other suggestions?	Dan in Real Life

1 U Turn, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Primal Fear, Breakdown, The Last Supper, Private Parts, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Othello
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Burge

1 In the Land of Women, Road to Perdition, The Incredibles, Schindler's List, Goodfellas, Titanic, and Battle Hymn are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Naked Jungle
2 Who is that directed by?	Byron Haskin
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Dead Man's Shoes, Mystery Train, Freaks, Three Kings, Breaking the Waves, Dancer in the Dark, and The Big Lebowski are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Soft Fruit
2 Who is that directed by?	Christina Andreef
3 I rate Federico Fellini movies. Any other suggestions?	I Vitelloni

1 Galaxy Quest, Forrest Gump, The Bourne Identity, The Royal Tenenbaums, Men in Black, Das Boot, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I love. I'm looking for a G movie.	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
2 Who does that star?	Dick Van Dyke, Sally Ann Howes
3 I like Harry Myers movies more. Do you know anything else?	City Lights

1 Aladdin, Babe, Toy Story, Apollo 13, Little Women, Wolf, and Heavy Metal are films I really like. I'm looking for a dc comics movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I like whip movies more. Do you know anything else?	Catwoman

1 Duck Soup, A Clockwork Orange, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, High Noon, Touch of Evil, The Fugitive, and The Untouchables are movies I like. I'm looking for a Paul Morrissey movie.	Heat
2 What else is that about?	Paul Morrissey
3 I rate Dracula movies. Any other suggestions?	Blood for Dracula

1 Night of the Living Dead, Nine Months, The Exorcist, The Glass House, Moulin Rouge!, Nosferatu the Vampyre, and Love Affair are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Joe Somebody
2 Who is that directed by?	John Pasquin
3 I rate Eric Steven Stahl movies. Any other suggestions?	I-See-You.Com

1 Moulin Rouge!, Jacob's Ladder, The Princess Bride, Felicia's Journey, The Cider House Rules, The Remains of the Day, and The Exorcist are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Re-Animator
2 What else is that about?	Horror, lovecraft
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Water

1 Run Lola Run, Manhattan, Rebecca, Mumford, Fargo, The Graduate, and Annie Hall are films I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Sugar Town
2 Who is that directed by?	Allison Anders, Kurt Voss
3 I like Allan Arkush movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Crazy

1 Minority Report, Singin' in the Rain, Monsters, Inc., Babe, Spider-Man 2, Platoon, and A Christmas Story are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Epic, animated, Wizards, tolkien, high fantasy, adaptation, rotoscoping, hobbits, lord of the rings, Ralph Bakshi
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story 3

1 I love The Negotiator, Spy Game, The Thomas Crown Affair, Enemy of the State, The Godfather, Swordfish, and Breakfast at Tiffany's. I'm looking for a John McTiernan movie.	Basic
2 Who does that star?	Samuel L. Jackson, John Travolta, Connie Nielsen
3 I rate Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Action Hero

1 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Paths of Glory, 8½, The 400 Blows, The Virgin Spring, Rashomon, and The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie are movies I loved. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Orpheus
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Jean Cocteau
3 I rate Terrence Malick movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thin Red Line

1 I loved There's Something About Mary, Raising Arizona, Traffic, Back to the Future, Top Secret!, American Psycho, and Fitzcarraldo. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rope
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I rate Gary Lennon movies. Any other suggestions?	.45

1 I love Edward Scissorhands, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Beetlejuice, Sleepy Hollow, The Karate Kid, Part II, Don Juan DeMarco, and The Nightmare Before Christmas. I'm looking for a Marlon Brando movie.	The Brave
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando
3 I like Elia Kazan movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Streetcar Named Desire

1 The Lives of Others, Children of Men, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Ice Storm, Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore, and About Schmidt are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Out of Africa
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, africa, Meryl Streep, Robert Redford, Sydney Pollack, Klaus Maria Brandauer
3 I rate Benedict Cumberbatch movies. Any other suggestions?	The Imitation Game

1 The Sixth Sense, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Godfather, Gladiator, When Harry Met Sally..., Don Juan DeMarco, and Blade Runner are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boyz n the Hood
2 What else is that about?	Drama, national film registry, directorial debut, Laurence Fishburne, Ice Cube, John Singleton
3 I prefer Election movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Recount

1 Anna and the King, Nowhere in Africa, Ocean's Eleven, Spider-Man, The Mummy, You've Got Mail, and An Officer and a Gentleman are films I loved. I'm looking for a Broadway movie.	Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I like Mervyn LeRoy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gold Diggers of 1933

1 Dracula, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Toy Story, The Notebook, The Bourne Supremacy, Ocean's Eleven, and Troy are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Gremlins
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I rate Marc Lawrence movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rewrite

1 I loved The Last Emperor, The Third Man, North by Northwest, The Wizard of Oz, Witness, The Three Caballeros, and For Whom the Bell Tolls. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	The Return of the Pink Panther
2 What else is that about?	Peter Sellers, series
3 I like Hal Ashby movies more. Do you know anything else?	Being There

1 The Big Lebowski, A Fish Called Wanda, Best in Show, The Ice Storm, Beautiful Thing, I'm the One That I Want, and Dark City are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Matthew Broderick movie.	Torch Song Trilogy
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Broderick, Anne Bancroft, Harvey Fierstein, Brian Kerwin
3 I rate Jeremy Irons movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lion King

1 I loved Reservoir Dogs, Trading Places, Toy Story, MASH, Mighty Aphrodite, Black Hawk Down, and Beverly Hills Cop. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Thunderball
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, agent, Terence Young
3 I prefer Roald Dahl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	You Only Live Twice

1 I loved The Godfather, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Fish Called Wanda, Living in Oblivion, About a Boy, and Gosford Park. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Private Function
2 Who does that star?	Maggie Smith, Michael Palin
3 I rate Jeffrey Falcon movies. Any other suggestions?	Six-String Samurai

1 Titanic, Good Will Hunting, Dances with Wolves, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Shawshank Redemption, October Sky, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Hope Floats
2 What else is that about?	Sandra Bullock, Forest Whitaker
3 I prefer time movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lake House

1 Con Air, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Clerks, American Psycho, Grease, Dogma, and Wild Things are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Girl, Interrupted
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Angelina Jolie, Winona Ryder, Whoopi Goldberg, Brittany Murphy, 60s, James Mangold, Vanessa Redgrave, winona
3 I like Polish movies more. Do you know anything else?	Salto

1 I watched the films The Big Lebowski, The Man Who Wasn't There, American Splendor, Blue Velvet, Quiz Show, The Godfather, and Born on the Fourth of July and loved them. I'm looking for a great movie.	Miller's Crossing
2 Who does that star?	John Turturro, Gabriel Byrne, Marcia Gay Harden, Jon Polito
3 I rate Ralph Fiennes movies. Any other suggestions?	Schindler's List

1 Henry V, The Blues Brothers, Shoah, MASH, The Hunt for Red October, Hotel Rwanda, and Spartacus are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Off Limits
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Gregory Hines
3 I rate Sam Rockwell movies. Any other suggestions?	Joshua

1 The Doors, The Matrix, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, A Beautiful Mind, The Fifth Element, Wayne's World, and GoldenEye are films I loved. I'm looking for a Toni Collette movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I rate australian movies. Any other suggestions?	The Black Balloon

1 I loved Scream, The Exorcist, A Few Good Men, American History X, Old Yeller, Parenthood, and Marathon Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Accused
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Kaplan
3 I like Sophie Barthes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cold Souls

1 Alien, The Shining, A Clockwork Orange, The Deer Hunter, Lord of the Flies, Catch-22, and Citizen Kane are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	1900
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Gérard Depardieu, Dominique Sanda
3 I prefer Jerry Lewis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The King of Comedy

1 Peter Pan, Cyrano de Bergerac, The Fisher King, The Ice Storm, Glory, Chinatown, and Local Hero are films I really like. I'm looking for a Nicole Holofcener movie.	Walking and Talking
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Keener, Anne Heche
3 I like Rebecca Hall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Please Give

1 I love The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Howard Hawks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scarface

1 I like Hot Fuzz, The Shawshank Redemption, A Clockwork Orange, Goodfellas, Ghostbusters, The Thing, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for an Italian movie.	Cannibal Holocaust
2 What else is that about?	Italian, found footage, amazon
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	We Have a Pope

1 I really liked On Golden Pond, Another Thin Man, Smoke Signals, Fiddler on the Roof, Dead Man Walking, The Fisher King, and All About Eve. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Frankie and Johnny
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I prefer Jon Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Northanger Abbey

1 Bridget Jones's Diary, Gladiator, Run Lola Run, The Dark Crystal, Say Anything..., Chasing Amy, and The Big Lebowski are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Requiem for a Dream
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I like Matthew Chapman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ledge

1 Toy Story, Apollo 13, A Close Shave, Fargo, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Peter Jackson movie.	Heavenly Creatures
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I prefer Costa Botes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forgotten Silver

1 I watched the films The Outlaw Josey Wales, Saving Private Ryan, Legends of the Fall, Gladiator, Animal House, Cool Hand Luke, and The Hunt for Red October and loved them. I'm looking for a John Huston movie.	Key Largo
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston

1 The Fifth Element, Gattaca, Akira, Mad Max, Being John Malkovich, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Nosferatu
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Funny Lady

1 The Celebration, The Piano, Dead Man Walking, Lone Star, Trainspotting, Sling Blade, and Fargo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crying Game

1 I like Labyrinth, Best in Show, The Iron Giant, The Little Mermaid, Psycho, Jurassic Park, and Aliens. I'm looking for a spoof movie.	Young Frankenstein
2 Who is that directed by?	Mel Brooks
3 I like Jim Abrahams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hot Shots!

1 Forrest Gump, Philadelphia, The Godfather, Mrs. Doubtfire, Tombstone, The Silence of the Lambs, and Apollo 13 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I rate Leo McCarey movies. Any other suggestions?	My Son John

1 The Goodbye Girl, Blackfish, Message in a Bottle, The Age of Innocence, The Life of David Gale, Temple Grandin, and Pete's Dragon are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hanging Up
2 What else is that about?	Meg Ryan, Diane Keaton, Walter Matthau, Lisa Kudrow
3 I prefer Martin Short movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	¡Three Amigos!

1 Jurassic Park, Shine, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, East of Eden, A Room with a View, The Princess Bride, and The Iron Giant are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Something Wild
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate Australia movies. Any other suggestions?	Strictly Ballroom

1 The Maltese Falcon, My Man Godfrey, Sense and Sensibility, East of Eden, Casablanca, Little Voice, and Sabrina are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Benton movie.	Places in the Heart
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Benton

1 The Madness of King George, Fargo, L.A. Confidential, North by Northwest, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Usual Suspects, and Life Is Beautiful are films I liked. I'm looking for an ensemble cast movie.	Short Cuts
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, los angeles, Julianne Moore, Tom Waits, Robert Altman, altman
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nashville

1 I really liked The Grifters, MASH, To Be or Not to Be, Citizen Kane, The Deer Hunter, Deconstructing Harry, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I rate James Marsh movies. Any other suggestions?	Wisconsin Death Trip

1 I watched the films The Fifth Element, Titan A.E., The Shawshank Redemption, Mulan, Stargate, Memoirs of a Geisha, and Never Been Kissed and loved them. I'm looking for a Jake Gyllenhaal movie.	The Day After Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Dennis Quaid, Roland Emmerich, weather
3 I rate True Story movies. Any other suggestions?	October Sky

1 The Wrong Trousers, V for Vendetta, The Matrix, The Bourne Identity, The Princess Bride, Notting Hill, and Up are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Richard Curtis movie.	Love Actually
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Curtis
3 I like David Yates movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Girl in the Café

1 I like Braveheart, Babe, Aladdin, The American President, Shadowlands, Rob Roy, and Eat Drink Man Woman. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The House of the Spirits
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Winona Ryder, Antonio Banderas, Glenn Close
3 I prefer apartheid movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Endgame

1 I really like Ice Age, The Bourne Supremacy, People Like Us, The Hunger Games, Star Trek, Men in Black 3, and Love Actually. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Footloose
2 What else is that about?	remake, dance
3 I like new york city movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mad Hot Ballroom

1 On Golden Pond, Chinatown, MASH, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Godfather, American Beauty, and The Insider are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Marty
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Delbert Mann, Ernest Borgnine
3 I like Alfred Hitchcock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Notorious

1 The Skin I Live In, The Godfather, The Orphanage, Persona, The Lost Weekend, Raise the Red Lantern, and Psycho are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Last Tango in Paris
2 What else is that about?	Paris, sex, erotic, Marlon Brando, Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I rate lesbian movies. Any other suggestions?	Desert Hearts

1 Independence Day, Leaving Las Vegas, Trainspotting, Dead Man Walking, Fargo, and Heat are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bottle Rocket
2 What else is that about?	Crime, directorial debut, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Luke Wilson
3 I rate Jon Favreau movies. Any other suggestions?	Made

1 Notorious, Six of a Kind, Easy Rider, The Spy Who Came in from the Cold, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Shadow of a Doubt, and Last Tango in Paris are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	About Adam
2 Who is that directed by?	Gerard Stembridge
3 I rate Angel Gracia movies. Any other suggestions?	From Prada to Nada

1 I really liked The Pianist, Welcome to Sarajevo, Desperately Seeking Susan, Ed Wood, Miracle on 34th Street, The Usual Suspects, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind. I'm looking for a Kevin Kline movie.	Dave
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, Kevin Dunn
3 I rate Salma Hayek movies. Any other suggestions?	Wild Wild West

1 Bringing Up Baby, Blade, Mystic Pizza, Center Stage, Pleasantville, Chicken Run, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Dead Man
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Western, Jim Jarmusch, Lance Henriksen, John Hurt, Iggy Pop
3 I prefer James Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's a Wonderful Life

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I like Michael Powell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Phantom Light

1 Home Alone, Bad Boys, Dolores Claiborne, Renaissance Man, The River Wild, Outbreak, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Indian in the Cupboard
2 What else is that about?	Steve Coogan, Frank Oz
3 I like Jules Verne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Around the World in 80 Days

1 I like Chicago, Father of the Bride, The Jewel of the Nile, Father of the Bride Part II, Cheaper by the Dozen 2, Blue Streak, and The Piano Teacher. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Look Who's Talking
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bruce Willis, John Travolta, Kirstie Alley, Amy Heckerling
3 I like Walter Lang movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desk Set

1 Pulp Fiction, Aladdin, Addams Family Values, The Net, Coneheads, Forrest Gump, and Outbreak are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I prefer David Cronenberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cosmopolis

1 Witness, Fahrenheit 9/11, The Maltese Falcon, Speed, Rear Window, Saving Private Ryan, and Sicko are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
2 What else is that about?	remake, Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Frank Oz
3 I prefer Alec Guinness movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Run for Your Money

1 I really like Pan's Labyrinth, Inside Man, The Boondock Saints, The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, The Prestige, and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Scent of a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, new york city, Al Pacino, Philip Seymour Hoffman, school, 1, Chris O'Donnell, Martin Brest
3 I like Norman Taurog movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boys Town

1 The Iron Giant, Superman, The Godfather, The Rock, The Thomas Crown Affair, Braveheart, and Total Recall are films I love. I'm looking for a Brian Helgeland movie.	Payback
2 What else is that about?	classic, r, Mel Gibson, Brian Helgeland
3 I like Harrison Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	42

1 I loved Aladdin, Sabrina, Hope Floats, Total Recall, Heaven Can Wait, The Ref, and The Birdcage. I'm looking for a Donald Sutherland movie.	Ordinary People
2 What else is that about?	Family, Robert Redford, Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Timothy Hutton
3 I prefer William H. Macy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Panic

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, Braveheart, Trainspotting, Shallow Grave, and Reservoir Dogs are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Underground
2 Who is that directed by?	Emir Kusturica
3 I like Rudolph Maté movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Deep Six

1 I really liked The Rock, Anastasia, The Cutting Edge, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Secret of NIMH, The Outsiders, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Last Unicorn
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Musical, Jeff Bridges, Christopher Lee, Alan Arkin, Mia Farrow, Jules Bass
3 I rate ghosts movies. Any other suggestions?	Beetlejuice

1 The Godfather, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, The Shawshank Redemption, Midnight Express, American Beauty, and Scent of a Woman are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Midnight Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, best picture, Jon Voight, John Schlesinger
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Born on the Fourth of July

1 A Room with a View, American Beauty, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Full Metal Jacket, The Player, The Last Days of Disco, and Breakdown are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Mission
2 Who does that star?	Francis Ng
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	Bonnie and Clyde

1 I watched the films Aliens, The Matrix, Predator, Gladiator, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Excalibur, and Hannibal and loved them. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	Unbreakable
2 What else is that about?	superhero, Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson, super-hero, M. Night Shyamalan, avi, security guard, shyamalan
3 I like marvel movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Amazing Spider-Man

1 Hackers, Beauty and the Beast, Dolores Claiborne, The Net, Happy Gilmore, If Lucy Fell, and While You Were Sleeping are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Nathaniel Hawthorne movie.	The Scarlet Letter
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders

1 Quiz Show, Pretty Woman, Mighty Aphrodite, A Time to Kill, The Shawshank Redemption, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Brothers McMullen
2 What else is that about?	Family, Irish, Edward Burns
3 I like Christian Bale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Metroland

1 Zulu, The Conversation, The Silence of the Lambs, Stop Making Sense, Groundhog Day, Help!, and The Ox-Bow Incident are films I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Last Waltz
2 Who does that star?	Robbie Robertson, The Band
3 I prefer Dick Van Dyke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang

1 The Spanish Prisoner, Go, To Kill a Mockingbird, Amélie, The Times of Harvey Milk, Fahrenheit 9/11, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Tarnation
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Caouette
3 I rate Jacques Perrin movies. Any other suggestions?	Oceans

1 The Prince of Egypt, Tom and Huck, The Fox and the Hound, Men in Black, Pleasantville, The Secret Garden, and Patch Adams are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dunston Checks In
2 Who does that star?	Faye Dunaway, Jason Alexander, Rupert Everett, Eric Lloyd
3 I rate Matthew Dyktynski movies. Any other suggestions?	Love and Other Catastrophes

1 Clerks, The Departed, Fargo, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Office Space, Fight Club, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I like Chris Nelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Date and Switch

1 I Am Legend, Chocolat, Ratatouille, Seven Pounds, Rain Man, 22 Jump Street, and The Intouchables are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	27 Dresses
2 What else is that about?	Romantic Comedy, Katherine Heigl, James Marsden, Anne Fletcher
3 I prefer animal rights movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Year of the Dog

1 Blade Runner, The Silence of the Lambs, Back to the Future Part II, High Fidelity, Frequency, Jurassic Park, and The Abyss are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Final Destination
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Horror, franchise, suspense, teen, death, Premonition, James Wong
3 I like prequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paranormal Activity 2

1 I liked Wild Strawberries, After Hours, Rashomon, Princess Mononoke, Rosemary's Baby, Ace in the Hole, and Hannah and Her Sisters. I'm looking for a Michael Haneke movie.	The Seventh Continent
2 What else is that about?	Michael Haneke
3 I prefer dark movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The White Ribbon

1 I like Persuasion, Much Ado About Nothing, Gone with the Wind, West Side Story, The Shop Around the Corner, Shine, and Moonstruck. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Rough Magic
2 Who is that directed by?	Clare Peploe
3 I rate Geoffrey Wright movies. Any other suggestions?	Romper Stomper

1 Far and Away, Grosse Pointe Blank, Empire Records, Titanic, The Joy Luck Club, Little Women, and Dead Poets Society are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Adventures in Babysitting
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Adventure, Chicago, Chris Columbus, Elisabeth Shue, Babysitting
3 I rate Robert Siodmak movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crimson Pirate

1 It Happened One Night, The Green Mile, The Shining, Big Daddy, Taxi Driver, Die Hard, and Falling Down are films I loved. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 What else is that about?	William Friedkin
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	The French Connection

1 Shakespeare in Love, Steel Magnolias, Finding Forrester, Bull Durham, The Cider House Rules, The Family Man, and North by Northwest are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	State and Main
2 What else is that about?	r, Philip Seymour Hoffman, David Mamet, Sarah Jessica Parker, Julia Stiles, Alec Baldwin, William H. Macy
3 I prefer Hotel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Graduate

1 I like When Harry Met Sally..., Roman Holiday, Shakespeare in Love, Rebecca, Casablanca, and Notorious. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	To Catch a Thief
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Grace Kelly
3 I prefer Jennifer Jason Leigh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hitcher

1 I really liked Aliens, Cast Away, The Sweet Hereafter, Diva, Apollo 13, Alien, and The Unbearable Lightness of Being. I'm looking for a Claude Berri movie.	Jean de Florette
2 What else is that about?	French, Gérard Depardieu, Claude Berri

1 A Clockwork Orange, Brazil, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sleeper, Blade Runner, Citizen Kane, and Das Boot are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Cocoon
2 Who does that star?	Brian Dennehy, Wilford Brimley, Hume Cronyn, Don Ameche
3 I prefer Tony Shalhoub movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Galaxy Quest

1 The Craft, Jaws, Rosemary's Baby, Alien, Heavenly Creatures, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Scream are films I really liked. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Scream 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sequel, slasher, Wes Craven
3 I prefer Lara Flynn Boyle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men in Black II

1 Avatar, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, The Matrix, and Django Unchained are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christopher Nolan movie.	Inception
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan

1 I watched the films Psycho, The Frighteners, Jurassic Park, Scream, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, Army of Darkness, and The Prophecy and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Faculty
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Robert Rodriguez, Josh Hartnett, Clea DuVall, f, Jon Stewart
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed

1 The Terminator, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Back to the Future, Speed, Powder, The Shawshank Redemption, and Little Women are films I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Pinocchio
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, national film registry, children, characters, animated, simple, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I prefer Ralph Bakshi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cool World

1 Lucky Number Slevin, Crash, Big, The Boondock Saints, Immortal Beloved, Gladiator, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I like Glynis Johns movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mary Poppins

1 The Departed, The Pianist, Donnie Darko, 12 Angry Men, The Silence of the Lambs, The Man Who Knew Too Much, and Bounce are movies I like. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Instinct
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins
3 I prefer marvel cinematic universe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thor

1 The Princess Bride, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Life Is Beautiful, The Shawshank Redemption, The Remains of the Day, The Wrong Trousers, and Mr. Holland's Opus are films I love. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I prefer Michelle Yeoh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon

1 The Passenger, The Day of the Jackal, Days of Wine and Roses, The Informer, Unforgiven, Ride the High Country, and Ordinary People are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Here Comes Mr. Jordan
2 Who does that star?	Claude Rains, Evelyn Keyes, Robert Montgomery
3 I rate James Corden movies. Any other suggestions?	Into the Woods

1 The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, Apollo 13, Chasing Amy, The Lion King, Shakespeare in Love, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I prefer Kevin James movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grown Ups

1 I like Sneakers, Saving Private Ryan, Trainspotting, G.I. Jane, Scream, Prick Up Your Ears, and The Nightmare Before Christmas. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Breaking Away
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Dennis Christopher
3 I like Azura Skye movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sexual Life

1 East of Eden, Her, I, Robot, A Single Man, The Grand Budapest Hotel, Juno, and Brokeback Mountain are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Joseph Cedar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Footnote

1 Chasing Amy, The Secret of NIMH, Road to Perdition, Stir of Echoes, The Silence of the Lambs, Dark City, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Birdy
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I rate Roland Joffé movies. Any other suggestions?	The Killing Fields

1 The Matrix and The Big Lebowski are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who does that star?	Randolph Scott, Binnie Barnes, Henry Wilcoxon
3 I rate Stephen Moyer movies. Any other suggestions?	Prince Valiant

1 Bowling for Columbine, V for Vendetta, Brick, Lost in Translation, How to Marry a Millionaire, His Girl Friday, and Sabrina are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sound of Noise
2 What else is that about?	Music, musicians, drummer
3 I prefer saturday night live movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wayne's World

1 The Sting, Toy Story, Alien, The Princess Bride, Young Frankenstein, The Wrong Trousers, and True Lies are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bananas
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Louise Lasser
3 I like Susan Sarandon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Middle of Nowhere

1 The Red Violin, There's Something About Mary, Chicken Run, Love Story, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, You've Got Mail, and Holiday Inn are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Son of the Bride
2 What else is that about?	r, Juan José Campanella
3 I prefer Dreams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paprika

1 The Rock, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Glory, Patriot Games, Men in Black II, Schindler's List, and The Green Mile are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Cinderella Man
2 What else is that about?	boxing, Russell Crowe, Paul Giamatti, Ron Howard
3 I prefer Australia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Romper Stomper

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Casablanca, It Happened One Night, Psycho, Cool Hand Luke, Forrest Gump, and The Birds are movies I love. I'm looking for a satire movie.	The Player
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I like Abhishek Sharma movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tere Bin Laden

1 I really like The African Queen, The Graduate, Wayne's World, East of Eden, An Ideal Husband, On the Waterfront, and Birdy. I'm looking for a Greta Garbo movie.	Ninotchka
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Paris, soviet union, Ernst Lubitsch, Greta Garbo, Melvyn Douglas
3 I rate Edmund Goulding movies. Any other suggestions?	Grand Hotel

1 Days of Heaven, American Beauty, The World of Apu, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Shakespeare in Love, Fargo, and Being John Malkovich are films I loved. I'm looking for an ira movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Neil Jordan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Crying Game

1 Lost in Translation, Memento, MASH, The Incredibles, Gattaca, Good Morning, Vietnam, and Little Women are films I really like. I'm looking for an Arthur Hiller movie.	Love Story
2 What else is that about?	Arthur Hiller, Ryan O'Neal
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The In-Laws

1 Pulp Fiction, Blade Runner, The Silence of the Lambs, Showgirls, Tombstone, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Goodfellas are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When Night Is Falling
2 Who is that directed by?	Patricia Rozema
3 I like Hattie Dalton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Third Star

1 I really like Raise the Red Lantern, Farewell My Concubine, The African Queen, Chinatown, Casablanca, The Thin Blue Line, and A Room with a View. I'm looking for a Virginia Woolf movie.	Mrs Dalloway
2 Who is that directed by?	Marleen Gorris
3 I rate Stephen Daldry movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hours

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, The French Connection, The Patriot, Absolute Power, L.A. Confidential, The Wizard of Oz, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Marathon Man
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Roy Scheider, Laurence Olivier, William Devane
3 I prefer Samuel L. Jackson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Eight Seven

1 A Clockwork Orange, Metropolis, Back to the Future, MASH, Minority Report, Planet of the Apes, and Galaxy Quest are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I like Richard Matheson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stir of Echoes

1 I loved Alien, West Side Story, Schindler's List, The Wizard of Oz, 12 Angry Men, Citizen Kane, and The Shining. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	All the President's Men
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford
3 I like George Clooney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gravity

1 I watched the films Kung Fu Panda, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, It Happened One Night, Back to the Future, The Princess Bride, Monsters, Inc., and The Fugitive and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father Goose
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Trevor Howard, Leslie Caron
3 I prefer Helen Hunt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	As Good as It Gets

1 Time Bandits, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Raising Arizona, Forrest Gump, The Hurricane, Back to the Future, and Dead Poets Society are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Where the Heart Is
2 Who is that directed by?	John Boorman
3 I rate Gregory Poirier movies. Any other suggestions?	Tomcats

1 The Nutty Professor, Scream, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Chinatown, Copycat, Babe, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I love. I'm looking for a Tom Shadyac movie.	Liar Liar
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jim Carrey, Tom Shadyac
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Patch Adams

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Back to the Future, The Matrix, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Bourne Ultimatum, and District 9 and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Doctor Dolittle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, animals, Rex Harrison
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Twelve Chairs

1 I really liked Lawrence of Arabia, Citizen Kane, Eat Drink Man Woman, The Shawshank Redemption, Being There, Taxi Driver, and Big Night. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, suspense, murder, national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr
3 I like Jodie Foster movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane

1 Psycho, The Silence of the Lambs, Raising Arizona, A Close Shave, Beauty and the Beast, Army of Darkness, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Heavy Metal
2 What else is that about?	Animation, nudity
3 I prefer beatles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Yellow Submarine

1 The Elephant Man, A Clockwork Orange, The Brave Little Toaster, Soylent Green, Gremlins, The City of Lost Children, and The Shining are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Equus
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Sidney Lumet
3 I rate Abigail Breslin movies. Any other suggestions?	My Sister's Keeper

1 The Prestige, Alice in Wonderland, The Butterfly Effect, Pacific Rim, In Time, Vanilla Sky, and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a military movie.	Short Circuit
2 Who does that star?	Steve Guttenberg, Ally Sheedy, Fisher Stevens, Austin Pendleton
3 I prefer Josh Lucas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hulk

1 Legally Blonde, Erin Brockovich, Jurassic Park, Romancing the Stone, Catch Me If You Can, Animal House, and Gladiator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Cary Grant
3 I rate Harold Ramis movies. Any other suggestions?	Analyze That

1 I loved Aladdin, Lawrence of Arabia, Chinatown, Citizen Kane, Beauty and the Beast, Schindler's List, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	Vertigo
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Kim Novak
3 I rate Montgomery Clift movies. Any other suggestions?	I Confess

1 I watched the films Back to the Future Part III, The Matrix, Behind Enemy Lines, The Specialist, Underworld, Shrek, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Eraser
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Caan, Chuck Russell, vanessa l. williams
3 I rate Emily Blunt movies. Any other suggestions?	Looper

1 The Karate Kid, Whale Rider, The Last of the Mohicans, Lawrence of Arabia, Amélie, Casino, and Sophie's Choice are films I love. I'm looking for an Akira Kurosawa movie.	Ran
2 Who does that star?	Tatsuya Nakadai
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Man Standing

1 Gangs of New York, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Rosemary's Baby, The Last of the Mohicans, Life as a House, The Little Mermaid, and Batman are films I loved. I'm looking for a Virginia Madsen movie.	Candyman
2 Who is that directed by?	Bernard Rose
3 I prefer Francis Ford Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rainmaker

1 I like A Room with a View, Raising Arizona, A Beautiful Mind, Muriel's Wedding, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Fish Called Wanda, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Henry Fonda movie.	On Golden Pond
2 What else is that about?	Henry Fonda, Jane Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Dabney Coleman
3 I prefer Bernhard Wicki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Longest Day

1 The Sixth Sense, Clerks, Office Space, Fight Club, American Beauty, Ghostbusters, and Toy Story 2 are movies I love. I'm looking for a mafia movie.	Suicide Kings
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter O'Fallon
3 I prefer Chuck Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mask

1 Trainspotting, Mighty Aphrodite, The Frighteners, The English Patient, Leaving Las Vegas, and James and the Giant Peach are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Four Rooms
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell
3 I prefer Richard Quine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Murder Your Wife

1 Legends of the Fall, Contact, The Hudsucker Proxy, Sling Blade, The Matrix, The Piano, and Chicken Run are films I love. I'm looking for a Robert Duvall movie.	Deep Impact
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, science, disaster, Elijah Wood, Robert Duvall, Comet, Mimi Leder
3 I rate Bill Murray movies. Any other suggestions?	Get Low

1 I liked Jeremiah Johnson, The Great Escape, As Good as It Gets, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Charade, L.A. Story, and Big. I'm looking for a Richard Crenna movie.	Body Heat
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, noir, William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Lawrence Kasdan, Richard Crenna
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	First Blood

1 The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Sphere, Swiss Family Robinson, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Rock, Superman, and The Jungle Book are films I loved. I'm looking for a Peter Lorre movie.	Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, Peter Lorre, Irwin Allen
3 I rate classic movies. Any other suggestions?	M

1 Red Dragon, The Silence of the Lambs, Good Will Hunting, Catch Me If You Can, Temple Grandin, Little Miss Sunshine, and The Killing are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Food, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Kenner
3 I prefer Angela Ismailos movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Great Directors

1 I watched the films In the Line of Fire, Lethal Weapon 4, Fatal Attraction, Back to the Future Part II, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Driving Miss Daisy and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chariots of Fire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, historical, olympics, vangelis, Hugh Hudson
3 I rate Pietro Germi movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Name of the Law

1 Big, Clueless, Lethal Weapon, American History X, Saving Private Ryan, Animal House, and Little Big Man are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Tony Scott movie.	Spy Game
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, Robert Redford
3 I prefer Dennis Hopper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Romance

1 I liked The Godfather, The Incredibles, A Close Shave, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Toy Story 3, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Paris, France movie.	Ratatouille
2 What else is that about?	Animation, pixar, disney, original, story, Paris, France, animated, food, cooking, Restaurant, pixar animation, anthropomorphic, G, Patton Oswalt, Janeane Garofalo, Brad Bird, chefs
3 I rate new wave movies. Any other suggestions?	The 400 Blows

1 Unforgiven, Aliens, Groundhog Day, Slumdog Millionaire, Howl's Moving Castle, Django Unchained, and Wayne's World are movies I loved. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Names of Love
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film
3 I like Jean Gabin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pépé le Moko

1 The French Connection, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Sanjuro, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Terminator, King Kong, and Alien are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I prefer Charles Bronson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Death Wish

1 As Good as It Gets, Catch Me If You Can, Romancing the Stone, Forbidden Planet, Before the Rain, Serenity, and Sleeping Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Serpico
2 What else is that about?	Police, Corruption, Al Pacino, Sidney Lumet
3 I like Crime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Son of a Gun

1 I really liked Dracula, Gone with the Wind, The Godfather, Jaws, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Gods Must Be Crazy. I'm looking for a Dustin Hoffman movie.	Rain Man
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Tom Cruise, Dustin Hoffman, Barry Levinson, Valeria Golino
3 I prefer Prison movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Papillon

1 Life Is Beautiful, As Good as It Gets, Stand by Me, Slumdog Millionaire, A Beautiful Mind, Dead Poets Society, and V for Vendetta are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Matt Dillon movie.	Crash
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Haggis
3 I prefer Matt Dillon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	City of Ghosts

1 I loved Child's Play 2, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, Halloween, Children of the Corn, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Bride of Chucky, and Friday the 13th Part 2. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dead Man on Campus
2 Who does that star?	Tom Everett Scott
3 I like Matthew McConaughey movies more. Do you know anything else?	How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days

1 I really liked White Christmas, Herbie Rides Again, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, High Society, Ninotchka, The Princess Diaries, and The Court Jester. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kotch
2 What else is that about?	Walter Matthau
3 I rate brat pack movies. Any other suggestions?	The Outsiders

1 I loved Four Weddings and a Funeral, Muriel's Wedding, The Shawshank Redemption, Blade, Clueless, Annie Hall, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	L.A. Story
2 What else is that about?	surreal, story, los angeles, Steve Martin, tv, Mick Jackson, weather forecaster
3 I like death movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beginners

1 Being There, Do the Right Thing, Bringing Up Baby, The Virgin Suicides, Bridget Jones's Diary, The Hunger, and The Little Princess are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Steve McQueen movie.	The Thomas Crown Affair
2 What else is that about?	Steve McQueen, Norman Jewison
3 I rate Don Siegel movies. Any other suggestions?	Hell Is for Heroes

1 I liked Citizen Kane, The Muppets Take Manhattan, Rope, The Limey, Heavenly Creatures, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Shanghai Noon. I'm looking for a toshiro mifune movie.	High and Low
2 Who does that star?	Tatsuya Nakadai
3 I rate Masayuki Mori movies. Any other suggestions?	Rashomon

1 Heat, Dead Man Walking, Rumble in the Bronx, The Cable Guy, Twister, Eraser, and The Substitute are films I love. I'm looking for a Water movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I rate futuristic movies. Any other suggestions?	Waterworld

1 A Knight's Tale, Casablanca, The Day of the Doctor, Mystery Men, Little Manhattan, Napoleon Dynamite, and National Treasure are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dial M for Murder
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, Grace Kelly, Ray Milland
3 I rate Christopher Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Triangle

1 Dangerous Liaisons, Taxi Driver, Blue Velvet, Belle de Jour, Repo Man, Metropolis, and Midnight Cowboy are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Michael Palin movie.	Brazil
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Fantasy, satire, Robert De Niro, Dreams, own, Terry Gilliam, gilliam, dystopian, Michael Palin, Jonathan Pryce
3 I like zoo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fierce Creatures

1 I love Star Trek, L.A. Confidential, Back to the Future Part III, Gran Torino, Batman Begins, Zodiac, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Hoosiers
2 What else is that about?	sports, Gene Hackman, basketball, Dennis Hopper, Barbara Hershey, indiana, David Anspaugh
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Replacements

1 Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, Trading Places, Rising Sun, Young Frankenstein, The Philadelphia Story, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are movies I love. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Dr. No
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, spy, bond, Terence Young
3 I like Martin Campbell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Casino Royale

1 Fanny and Alexander, Hoop Dreams, The Ice Storm, True Romance, The Shining, My Life as a Dog, and The Right Stuff are movies I like. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	Exotica
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Love Actually, The Boondock Saints, The Breakfast Club, Saving Private Ryan, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Minnie Driver movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I rate Joel Schumacher movies. Any other suggestions?	The Phantom of the Opera

1 The Sound of Music, Jurassic Park, Some Like It Hot, The Name of the Rose, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Ordinary People, and The Mexican are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Elia Kazan movie.	East of Eden
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, James Dean, Elia Kazan, John Steinbeck
3 I prefer Marlon Brando movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On the Waterfront

1 Rear Window, Pan's Labyrinth, The Godfather, American Beauty, Fight Club, and Memento are films I loved. I'm looking for a r movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I rate Mark Neveldine movies. Any other suggestions?	Crank

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Phone Booth, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, American Beauty, Signs, Return to Me, and Pitch Black are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Christmas Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Clark
3 I like Josh Schwartz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fun Size

1 The Blues Brothers, Bull Durham, Chinatown, The Princess Bride, Hard Boiled, The Producers, and Goodfellas are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I rate drugs movies. Any other suggestions?	Dallas Buyers Club

1 Clueless, Some Like It Hot, Sleepless in Seattle, Shakespeare in Love, Dead Man Walking, Being John Malkovich, and Pretty Woman are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I like Jeff Bridges movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fisher King

1 Schindler's List, M, Midnight Cowboy, Rear Window, Big Night, Lolita, and Night of the Living Dead are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Carnival of Souls
2 What else is that about?	carnival, organ
3 I like occult movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rosemary's Baby

1 Alien, The Sting, American Beauty, True Lies, Toy Story 2, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Enemy of the State are films I loved. I'm looking for a Roger Moore movie.	For Your Eyes Only
2 What else is that about?	murder, james bond, 007, spy, bond, Roger Moore
3 I rate Guy Hamilton movies. Any other suggestions?	Live and Let Die

1 I really like Peter Pan, Revenge of the Nerds, The Bodyguard, Days of Thunder, ¡Three Amigos!, Anna and the King, and Romeo + Juliet. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	The Land Before Time
2 What else is that about?	franchise, animated, dinosaurs, Don Bluth
3 I rate David Zucker movies. Any other suggestions?	Scary Movie 4

1 Forrest Gump, Dances with Wolves, Ghostbusters, Armageddon, Ghost, Back to the Future, and Titanic are movies I like. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	City of Angels
2 What else is that about?	remake, Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan, Angel, Brad Silberling
3 I prefer Matthew Broderick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Addicted to Love

1 North by Northwest, Pretty in Pink, Run Lola Run, Top Secret!, The Red Violin, The Birdcage, and Eat Drink Man Woman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sydney Pollack movie.	Tootsie
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer cia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Three Days of the Condor

1 I like As Good as It Gets, The Full Monty, and Good Will Hunting. I'm looking for a dalai lama movie.	Seven Years in Tibet
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, David Thewlis
3 I prefer Tenzin Thuthob Tsarong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kundun

1 I watched the films The Last Picture Show, A Clockwork Orange, Blade Runner, The Shining, and The Graduate and loved them. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I prefer criterion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ride with the Devil

1 Casino, The Seventh Seal, The Lion in Winter, Babe, Bowling for Columbine, Alien, and The Hunger are films I love. I'm looking for an André Téchiné movie.	Thieves
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Deneuve, Daniel Auteuil
3 I prefer Marthe Villalonga movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Favorite Season

1 I liked Good Will Hunting, Army of Darkness, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Jennifer Lopez movie.	Out of Sight
2 What else is that about?	George Clooney, Don Cheadle, Steven Soderbergh, Jennifer Lopez, Elmore Leonard
3 I prefer Jane Fonda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monster-in-Law

1 Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, The Thing, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Dracula, Fight Club, and Oldboy are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Lean on Me
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman
3 I rate Josh Hartnett movies. Any other suggestions?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 I really like A Christmas Story, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Juno, Quiz Show, The Bourne Ultimatum, Schindler's List, and The Bourne Supremacy. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	Walk the Line
2 What else is that about?	Music, Joaquin Phoenix, biographical, Reese Witherspoon, country music, Johnny Cash, James Mangold, Country
3 I prefer Sean Penn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's All About Love

1 I really like Buena Vista Social Club, Sabrina, The Full Monty, Much Ado About Nothing, Beat the Devil, Wings of Desire, and Dave. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Working Girl
2 What else is that about?	Harrison Ford, Sigourney Weaver
3 I prefer Kristin Scott Thomas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Random Hearts

1 The Avengers, The Prince of Egypt, Little Women, Apollo 13, A Close Shave, Driving Miss Daisy, and Walk the Line are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a parliament movie.	Amazing Grace
2 What else is that about?	Michael Apted, parliament

1 X-Men, Spirited Away, Akira, Ghost in the Shell, American History X, Shaun of the Dead, and Planet of the Apes are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ted Post movie.	Beneath the Planet of the Apes
2 Who is that directed by?	Ted Post

1 The Matrix, Casablanca, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Total Recall, Titanic, The African Queen, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ben-Hur
2 What else is that about?	historical, long, national film registry, best picture, William Wyler, Charlton Heston, historical drama
3 I prefer Shane Meadows movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Is England

1 The Sting, Schindler's List, Kiss the Girls, Avatar, The Princess Bride, The Dirty Dozen, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I love. I'm looking for a Klaus Kinski movie.	For a Few Dollars More
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, Sergio Leone, Italian, Klaus Kinski, eastwood, Lee Van Cleef, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer Christopher Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Count Dracula

1 I liked Planet of the Apes, The Silence of the Lambs, Speed, The Sixth Sense, The Green Mile, Forrest Gump, and Carlito's Way. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Westworld
2 Who does that star?	Yul Brynner, James Brolin, Richard Benjamin
3 I prefer Dustin Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sphere

1 I like Four Rooms, Lethal Weapon, The Secret of NIMH, The Birdcage, The Usual Suspects, Die Hard 2, and Rudy. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, Adventure, Music, Musical, Jennifer Connelly, David Bowie, puppets, Jim Henson, Maze, quest
3 I like Oliver Reed movies more. Do you know anything else?	Condorman

1 Quiz Show, Pulp Fiction, Get Shorty, The Fugitive, The Specialist, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a pig movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan

1 I like The Matrix, Office Space, Mystery Men, The Mummy, Willow, The Commitments, and My Cousin Vinny. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Hackers
2 What else is that about?	High School, cyberpunk, Angelina Jolie, Hackers, internet, hacker, Jonny Lee Miller
3 I like Ray Liotta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cop Land

1 I really like The Full Monty, Stand by Me, Dirty Dancing, Casablanca, Jules and Jim, The Usual Suspects, and The Last Picture Show. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Wizard of Oz
2 Who does that star?	Judy Garland, Frank Morgan, Ray Bolger, Bert Lahr
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Die Hard

1 Corrina, Corrina, Hollywood Shuffle, Wings of Desire, Caddyshack, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, and To Sir, with Love are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Cleese movie.	Time Bandits
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Sean Connery, imagination, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, time, gilliam, Shelley Duvall, Ralph Richardson
3 I rate Kevin Kline movies. Any other suggestions?	Silverado

1 Annie Hall, To Sir, with Love, All That Jazz, The Joy Luck Club, Seven Samurai, Nineteen Eighty-Four, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I like. I'm looking for a kermit movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 What else is that about?	muppets, cameos, Jim Henson, kermit

1 Eraserhead, Schindler's List, A Clockwork Orange, American Beauty, and Eyes Wide Shut are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Luis Buñuel movie.	Un Chien Andalou
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Short, Luis Buñuel
3 I like Catherine Deneuve movies more. Do you know anything else?	Belle de Jour

1 I like Almost Famous, The Usual Suspects, The Butterfly Effect, Office Space, The Shawshank Redemption, The Wizard of Oz, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Ted Demme movie.	Blow
2 What else is that about?	cocaine, Ted Demme
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ref

1 The Player, A Christmas Story, The 39 Steps, Rear Window, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Back to the Future, and The Quiet Man are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	To Be or Not to Be
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remake, Mel Brooks
3 I rate french comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Taxi 3

1 I loved Raiders of the Lost Ark, Blade Runner, The Fifth Element, Minority Report, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Spider-Man, and Die Hard. I'm looking for a simulated reality movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I rate Peter Weir movies. Any other suggestions?	The Truman Show

1 I watched the films The Last of the Mohicans, Shakespeare in Love, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Natural, The Cider House Rules, and Life Is Beautiful and loved them. I'm looking for a Dabney Coleman movie.	On Golden Pond
2 What else is that about?	Henry Fonda, Jane Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Dabney Coleman

1 The King of Comedy, Dog Day Afternoon, Blue Velvet, Barton Fink, Pulp Fiction, Drive, and Argo are films I really like. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Past
2 What else is that about?	French, iran, Asghar Farhadi
3 I prefer world war i movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Very Long Engagement

1 Best in Show, Dogma, Back to the Future, The Princess Bride, Goodfellas, Romancing the Stone, and The Frighteners are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waking Life
2 What else is that about?	stylized, Dreams, existentialism, animated, Ethan Hawke, Richard Linklater, Life, existential, rotoscope, consciousness
3 I prefer Josef von Sternberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Blue Angel

1 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Grosse Pointe Blank, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, American Psycho, Dead Poets Society, Almost Famous, and The Big Lebowski are movies I love. I'm looking for a Catherine Keener movie.	Living in Oblivion
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, Catherine Keener
3 I rate Cameron Diaz movies. Any other suggestions?	Being John Malkovich

1 The Dark Crystal, Amélie, Edward Scissorhands, The Princess Bride, Heathers, Bridget Jones's Diary, and Finding Nemo are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Little Romance
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I like Andrew Fleming movies more. Do you know anything else?	Barefoot

1 My Neighbor Totoro, The Remains of the Day, Casablanca, Sleeping Beauty, Kissing Jessica Stein, Legends of the Fall, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Closet
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, French, Francis Veber
3 I like wedding movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wedding Date

1 I like Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Senna, Forrest Gump, District 9, Titanic, The Matrix, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	50 First Dates
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Segal
3 I rate Gore Verbinski movies. Any other suggestions?	Rango

1 I really liked Paris, je t'aime, Pan's Labyrinth, Little Children, Schindler's List, Sin City, Amélie, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Fish
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Tim Burton, story, death, Storytelling, Ewan McGregor, Helena Bonham Carter, Life, fish, Albert Finney, alabama, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer True Story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Philomena

1 Out of Sight, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Heat, Memento, Batman, and Gladiator are movies I love. I'm looking for a mafia movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I like Jonathan Demme movies more. Do you know anything else?	Married to the Mob

1 WarGames, Legends of the Fall, Lawrence of Arabia, Blade Runner, Signs, Amélie, and Rain Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pushing Tin
2 What else is that about?	John Cusack, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I like Helen Hunt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Then She Found Me

1 Beauty and the Beast, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, The Silence of the Lambs, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer Lawrence Kasdan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Silverado

1 Back to the Future, Apollo 13, Rear Window, Mary Poppins, Philadelphia, Casablanca, and The Wizard of Oz are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jumanji
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston
3 I rate Zoltan Korda movies. Any other suggestions?	Elephant Boy

1 What Dreams May Come, Back to the Future, Howl's Moving Castle, V for Vendetta, Inception, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a dc movie.	Superman III
2 What else is that about?	superhero, super-hero, dc comics, Superman, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor
3 I rate Fear movies. Any other suggestions?	Batman Begins

1 Clueless, Big, Back to the Future, Charade, Matilda, Some Like It Hot, and Ed Wood are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Broderick, Jeffrey Jones, Mia Sara, Alan Ruck
3 I like Bob Hope movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Paleface

1 Monsters, Inc., Shine, The Green Mile, As Good as It Gets, Life Is Beautiful, Forrest Gump, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a latin america movie.	The Motorcycle Diaries
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, r, own, biopic, motorcycle, latin america, south america, Revolution, argentina, 3, che guevara, chile, peru, Walter Salles, Gael García Bernal
3 I like Prison movies more. Do you know anything else?	Carandiru

1 Bowling for Columbine, Goodfellas, The Crying Game, Reservoir Dogs, Braveheart, Leaving Las Vegas, and The Godfather are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Ben Kingsley movie.	Gandhi
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Attenborough
3 I prefer Brad Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Transsiberian

1 Titan A.E., Ocean's Eleven, Die Hard, Species, Shrek, Under Siege, and The Little Mermaid are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Dragon movie.	The Flight of Dragons
2 What else is that about?	Magic, dragons, Dragon, Jules Bass
3 I like Bruce Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enter the Dragon

1 I watched the films The Hustler, The Deer Hunter, Chinatown, Hang 'Em High, The Conversation, Bull Durham, and North by Northwest and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Al Pacino, Russell Crowe, Michael Mann, tobacco
3 I like Joaquin Phoenix movies more. Do you know anything else?	It's All About Love

1 A Close Shave, Clerks, The City of Lost Children, Toy Story, Kids, The Shawshank Redemption, and Fargo are films I love. I'm looking for a Kevin Spacey movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 Who is that directed by?	George Huang
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil

1 I really like Unforgiven, Blade Runner, Alien, Field of Dreams, Sabrina, It's a Wonderful Life, and Brazil. I'm looking for a Mike Nichols movie.	Wolf
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Michelle Pfeiffer, James Spader, Kate Nelligan
3 I prefer Julia Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Closer

1 I watched the films Fargo and Toy Story and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, satire, parody, Tim Burton, Natalie Portman, Jack Nicholson, mars, Michael J. Fox, Pierce Brosnan, Sarah Jessica Parker, Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Martin Short
3 I prefer Gregg Champion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cowboy Way

1 12 Angry Men, The Apartment, West Side Story, Mister Roberts, The Pawnbroker, The Hustler, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Barry Pepper movie.	True Grit
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, coen brothers, Matt Damon, Western, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld, Barry Pepper
3 I like Alan Cumming movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ripley Under Ground

1 Nine Months, With Honors, Disclosure, While You Were Sleeping, Clueless, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Mask are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Copycat
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I prefer Jake Goldberger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Don McKay

1 I watched the films A Christmas Carol, Back to the Future Part III, Princess Mononoke, The Fly, Gone with the Wind, Highlander, and A Few Good Men and loved them. I'm looking for a Richard Fleischer movie.	Red Sonja
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sandahl Bergman, Brigitte Nielsen, Paul L. Smith
3 I prefer Mako movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conan the Destroyer

1 The Game, Howards End, The Player, Pulp Fiction, L.A. Confidential, Toy Story, and Lone Star are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Close Shave
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I like Aleksandr Gordon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Killers

1 I like Fatal Attraction, The Big Chill, Gandhi, Klute, Ben-Hur, Excalibur, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Assignment
2 What else is that about?	cia, Ben Kingsley, Donald Sutherland
3 I like Nicolas Winding Refn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pusher

1 Stand by Me, The Usual Suspects, Unforgiven, Dead Man Walking, A Christmas Story, Sling Blade, and Young Guns are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I like Ridley Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Rain

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Saving Private Ryan, The Dark Knight, Reservoir Dogs, Ghost World, The Hurt Locker, and Psycho are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Animal Kingdom
2 Who does that star?	Jacki Weaver, James Frecheville
3 I rate Omillio Sparks movies. Any other suggestions?	State Property

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Clerks, and Babe. I'm looking for a Barry Sonnenfeld movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like vacation movies more. Do you know anything else?	RV

1 Titanic, Jaws, The Shawshank Redemption, Coneheads, Midnight Run, Con Air, and Grumpy Old Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Easy Money
2 Who is that directed by?	Daniel Espinosa
3 I prefer Keoni Waxman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Force of Execution

1 Blade Runner, Die Hard, Zero Effect, American Beauty, Deep Impact, The Game, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Tarzan
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Buck, Kevin Lima
3 I like John Korty movies more. Do you know anything else?	Twice Upon a Time

1 I liked Mulan, Doctor Dolittle, The Truman Show, Sense and Sensibility, The Mask of Zorro, 101 Dalmatians, and The Nutty Professor. I'm looking for a Character movie.	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, Reunion, Janeane Garofalo, Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Character

1 I like Dial M for Murder, The African Queen, A Fish Called Wanda, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Remains of the Day, and Henry V. I'm looking for a vietnam movie.	MASH
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I prefer Stanley Kubrick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Full Metal Jacket

1 Braveheart, Memento, Once Were Warriors, The Matrix, The Shawshank Redemption, Die Hard, and Brazil are films I really like. I'm looking for a Catherine Deneuve movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I rate Tony Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hunger

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Spirited Away, Billy Elliot, The Devil's Backbone, Corpse Bride, Unbreakable, and Volver are films I love. I'm looking for a Swedish movie.	Metropia
2 What else is that about?	Swedish
3 I rate 1980s movies. Any other suggestions?	Let the Right One In

1 Chinatown, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, The African Queen, Frankenstein, Groundhog Day, and Singin' in the Rain are films I love. I'm looking for a Steve McQueen movie.	The Great Escape
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Prison, Steve McQueen, Escape, Richard Attenborough, John Sturges, prisoners of war, pow
3 I like Candice Bergen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sand Pebbles

1 Full Metal Jacket, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Office Space, District 9, Requiem for a Dream, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Shining are movies I really like. I'm looking for an ice movie.	Ice Age
2 Who is that directed by?	Carlos Saldanha, Chris Wedge
3 I like Antoine Fuqua movies more. Do you know anything else?	King Arthur

1 10, Almost Famous, Lawrence of Arabia, Dementia 13, All the President's Men, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Cast Away are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ed and His Dead Mother
2 Who does that star?	Steve Buscemi
3 I rate Rani Mukerji movies. Any other suggestions?	Hum Tum

1 Rain Man, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Wizard of Oz, A Beautiful Mind, The Fisher King, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I love. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Men of Honor
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro
3 I prefer Sigourney Weaver movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Lights

1 I loved The Royal Tenenbaums, Speed, National Lampoon's Vacation, Armageddon, Heat, Ghost, and Cast Away. I'm looking for an Ethan Hawke movie.	Training Day
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke
3 I like Julie Delpy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Before Sunset

1 The Terminator, Caddyshack, The Matrix, Saving Private Ryan, X-Men, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Todd Phillips movie.	Road Trip
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Phillips

1 A Close Shave, American History X, The English Patient, The Ice Storm, Back to the Future, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, and The Iron Giant are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Arachnophobia
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Horror, Jeff Daniels, spiders, Frank Marshall
3 I like Jaume Balagueró movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sleep Tight

1 Reservoir Dogs, The Big Lebowski, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Usual Suspects, Fight Club, Raging Bull, and Goodfellas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Payback
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Maria Bello, Gregg Henry, David Paymer
3 I prefer Jeff Bridges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Lebowski

1 A Clockwork Orange, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Royal Tenenbaums, Swingers, The Wizard of Oz, Reservoir Dogs, and Princess Mononoke are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I like british movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Inbetweeners 2

1 I really like Meet the Parents, American Beauty, Taxi Driver, Deliverance, Alien, Being John Malkovich, and Wayne's World. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, italy, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, spain, bad, f, spaghetti, dollars trilogy
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Rio Bravo

1 Tootsie, The Spy Who Came in from the Cold, A Christmas Carol, The Wizard of Oz, Spellbound, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Solaris are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Candice Bergen movie.	The Sand Pebbles
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise
3 I like John Milius movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wind and the Lion

1 Charlie's Angels, The Untouchables, Citizen Kane, Armageddon, Speed, Romancing the Stone, and Lethal Weapon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Hannah movie.	The Mummy
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Sommers
3 I prefer Peter Howitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sliding Doors

1 Goodfellas, On the Waterfront, Chinatown, The Third Man, American Beauty, Schindler's List, and To Catch a Thief are films I really liked. I'm looking for a lgbt movie.	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Australia, Hugo Weaving, lgbt, Guy Pearce, drag, drag queens, Terence Stamp

1 Sneakers, The Silence of the Lambs, The Last of the Mohicans, The Hangover, Akira, Shrek, and Twister are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Alive
2 What else is that about?	japan, Prison
3 I like assassin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Assassination Games

1 I really like Tootsie, On Golden Pond, Midnight Cowboy, Quills, Escape from the Planet of the Apes, The Shawshank Redemption, and Cape Fear. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	America's Sweethearts
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Julia Roberts, Billy Crystal
3 I prefer Keir O'Donnell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Case of You

1 I liked The Sixth Sense, Casablanca, Life Is Beautiful, Election, Office Space, Cruel Intentions, and Mumford. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 Who does that star?	Joshua Leonard, Heather Donahue, Michael C. Williams
3 I like T. Ryder Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brainscan

1 I really liked Stargate, Forrest Gump, Outbreak, Independence Day, The Fugitive, Clerks, and Braveheart. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Maverick
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I like Cornel Wilde movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Naked Prey

1 Dogma, The War, The Station Agent, Night of the Living Dead, Evil Dead II, The Outsiders, and Primal Fear are films I like. I'm looking for an Albert Finney movie.	Two for the Road
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen
3 I rate Ronald Neame movies. Any other suggestions?	Scrooge

1 The Usual Suspects, Blade Runner, Pulp Fiction, Dances with Wolves, Amélie, Apollo 13, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, national film registry, spielberg, usa, 1930s, indiana jones, 1, Lucas, Denholm Elliott, Karen Allen, ark of the covenant
3 I like Richard Fleischer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Vikings

1 Solaris, Zoolander, Gattaca, La Dolce Vita, Total Recall, Blue Velvet, and Pan's Labyrinth are films I like. I'm looking for a Maggie Cheung movie.	In the Mood for Love
2 What else is that about?	Love, hong kong, Chinese, tony leung, Maggie Cheung

1 The Princess Bride, As Good as It Gets, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Being John Malkovich, Chicken Run, Schindler's List, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I loved. I'm looking for an Irwin Winkler movie.	Life as a House
2 Who is that directed by?	Irwin Winkler

1 I loved Babe, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, True Lies, Clear and Present Danger, The Fugitive, and Outbreak. I'm looking for a Ron Howard movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I rate racing movies. Any other suggestions?	Rush

1 Ghostbusters, Re-Animator, The Fifth Element, Aliens, The Santa Clause, West Side Story, and Airplane! are films I really liked. I'm looking for a robot movie.	Short Circuit
2 What else is that about?	military, robot
3 I like Steven Spielberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Transformers

1 Speechless, Forrest Gump, The American President, Mrs. Doubtfire, Nell, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and The River Wild are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Wolf
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Mike Nichols
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Heartless

1 Independence Day, Willow, Back to the Future Part II, Spaceballs, There's Something About Mary, Speed, and Amistad are movies I love. I'm looking for a spiders movie.	Arachnophobia
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall

1 Iron Man, Requiem for a Dream, The Matrix, Pi, Alien, Scarface, and American Beauty are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Angel movie.	City of Angels
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan
3 I like Bruno Ganz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wings of Desire

1 Once Upon a Time in the West, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Goodfellas, Chasing Amy, Eat Drink Man Woman, The Silence of the Lambs, and Wild Reeds are movies I like. I'm looking for an exorcism movie.	The Exorcist
2 Who does that star?	Max von Sydow, Ellen Burstyn, Lee J. Cobb
3 I prefer Evan Helmuth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Inside

1 X-Men, Gladiator, Enemy at the Gates, Spider-Man, Memento, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Identity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jonah Hill movie.	Superbad
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, Seth Rogen, Michael Cera, Jonah Hill, Greg Mottola, apatow
3 I like Rose Byrne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Him to the Greek

1 I like The Hunt for Red October, A League of Their Own, Annie Hall, Duck Soup, A Christmas Story, Bull Durham, and Being There. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Favorite Year
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole, Jessica Harper, Joseph Bologna
3 I prefer Lasse Åberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Den ofrivillige golfaren

1 Pretty Woman, Pulp Fiction, Leaving Las Vegas, Sleepless in Seattle, Schindler's List, In the Line of Fire, and The Net are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Macaulay Culkin movie.	Home Alone
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, christmas, Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Chris Columbus, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Heard
3 I rate Anna Chlumsky movies. Any other suggestions?	My Girl

1 Fried Green Tomatoes, Babe, Forrest Gump, True Lies, Dead Poets Society, and Top Gun are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I rate Frank Oz movies. Any other suggestions?	The Indian in the Cupboard

1 Edge of Tomorrow, Inception, The Dark Knight, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Matrix, The Bourne Identity, and The Bourne Supremacy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Guest
2 Who does that star?	Dan Stevens, Brendan Meyer, Maika Monroe
3 I rate Jacqueline Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Macabre

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Cider House Rules, Touch of Evil, The Celebration, Moonstruck, Take the Money and Run, and Rosetta are films I really like. I'm looking for a Kirk Douglas movie.	The Strange Love of Martha Ivers
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas, Barbara Stanwyck, Van Heflin, Lizabeth Scott
3 I rate Ernie Kovacs movies. Any other suggestions?	Strangers When We Meet

1 A Thousand Acres, Meet Joe Black, The Sweetest Thing, Hideous Kinky, How to Marry a Millionaire, An Affair to Remember, and Office Space are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Love Field
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Kaplan
3 I prefer Edward F. Cline movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Widow from Chicago

1 The Green Mile, The Haunting, The Fugitive, The Quiet Man, Braveheart, Excalibur, and The Exorcist are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mario Bava movie.	Black Sabbath
2 What else is that about?	Boris Karloff, Mario Bava
3 I prefer fashion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blood and Black Lace

1 Stalker, Raging Bull, City Lights, Weekend, Ratcatcher, Seven Samurai, and Magnolia are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Morvern Callar
2 Who does that star?	Samantha Morton
3 I prefer Nigel Davenport movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Living Free

1 The Remains of the Day, Belle de Jour, Persuasion, Taxi Driver, Mr. Holland's Opus, Get Shorty, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fred Schepisi movie.	I.Q.
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred Schepisi

1 I like Philadelphia, Three Days of the Condor, Big, Fargo, The Hudsucker Proxy, Platoon, and Shallow Grave. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Little Shop of Horrors
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Broadway, Steve Martin, Rick Moranis, Frank Oz
3 I prefer Anna Kendrick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pitch Perfect

1 Die Hard, The Guns of Navarone, The Day the Earth Stood Still, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Stargate, Under Siege, and The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Night of the Comet
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Mary Stewart, Robert Beltran, Kelli Maroney
3 I prefer Lori Heuring movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wicked Little Things

1 I loved The Thomas Crown Affair, About a Boy, The Hunt for Red October, American History X, Mulholland Drive, The Ref, and About Schmidt. I'm looking for a journalist movie.	Almost Famous
2 What else is that about?	Drama, soundtrack, teen, 1970s, writer, journalist, Cameron Crowe
3 I like search movies more. Do you know anything else?	Missing

1 Clerks, Delicatessen, The Andromeda Strain, Great Expectations, Back to the Future Part II, Dark City, and Waking Life are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Matthew Broderick movie.	WarGames
2 What else is that about?	dvd, military, cold war, nuclear war, Matthew Broderick, get, avi, computer game, John Badham, simulation
3 I rate gay movies. Any other suggestions?	Torch Song Trilogy

1 I really like Wall Street, Casablanca, Double Indemnity, Fargo, Stuart Saves His Family, The Shawshank Redemption, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Asphalt Jungle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, film noir, noir, John Huston, Marilyn Monroe
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bank Dick

1 The Birdcage, Independence Day, Clerks, Mr. Wrong, To Die For, Happy Gilmore, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Bed of Roses
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I rate Adam Shankman movies. Any other suggestions?	A Walk to Remember

1 I liked Planet of the Apes, Hannibal, Surrogates, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Finding Forrester, Girl, Interrupted, and Black Dynamite. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dreamcatcher
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, Stephen King, Alien
3 I like ending movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mist

1 Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, Coneheads, Major Payne, The Mask, Jumanji, and The Crow are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Down Periscope
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, William H. Macy, Harry Dean Stanton, Bruce Dern, David S. Ward
3 I like Melissa McCarthy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bridesmaids

1 Back to the Future, The Maltese Falcon, Mallrats, Clerks, The Shining, Patton, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Backdraft
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Ron Howard, firefighters
3 I prefer Leonardo DiCaprio movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Body of Lies

1 I loved The Sound of Music, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Miracle on 34th Street, Mary Poppins, The Parent Trap, Braveheart, and A Little Princess. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Pollyanna
2 What else is that about?	disney, small town, Hayley Mills, Karl Malden, David Swift, Jane Wyman
3 I prefer fairy tale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tangled

1 Sabrina, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Wrong Trousers, While You Were Sleeping, The Usual Suspects, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Roman Holiday are films I liked. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Love, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meg Ryan
3 I like Martin Short movies more. Do you know anything else?	Innerspace

1 Toy Story 2, Bringing Up Baby, Shakespeare in Love, The Untouchables, The Godfather, Gypsy, and The Big Chill are movies I like. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 Who is that directed by?	Baz Luhrmann
3 I rate Robert Connolly movies. Any other suggestions?	Paper Planes

1 Top Secret! and Batman Begins are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Johnny English Reborn
2 Who does that star?	Rowan Atkinson
3 I rate Monica Bellucci movies. Any other suggestions?	Shoot 'Em Up

1 Notorious, Dial M for Murder, Rocky, The Year of Living Dangerously, Shadowlands, Seven Samurai, and Mister Roberts are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	The Trouble with Harry
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Shadow of a Doubt

1 Notting Hill, Chicken Run, Titanic, The American President, True Lies, The Jungle Book, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Arthur
2 What else is that about?	Dudley Moore, John Gielgud
3 I like Jim Carrey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yes Man

1 The Virgin Suicides, Fanny and Alexander, Atonement, Ghost World, Elephant, Lost in Translation, and Amélie are movies I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Night and Fog
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, Alain Resnais
3 I rate jamaica movies. Any other suggestions?	Life and Debt

1 Rebecca, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Graduate, Blue Velvet, Manhattan, and Bicycle Thieves are films I really liked. I'm looking for a classic movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I prefer Jack Kinney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pinocchio

1 Trainspotting, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Big Fish, Boogie Nights, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and Donnie Darko are films I like. I'm looking for a Sisters movie.	Melancholia
2 What else is that about?	Music, Kirsten Dunst, Lars von Trier, Kiefer Sutherland, Sisters, Charlotte Gainsbourg
3 I prefer Sofia Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Virgin Suicides

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Peter Pan, The Muppet Movie, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Usual Suspects, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Mask are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Night Shift
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Henry Winkler, Shelley Long
3 I rate Jeanette MacDonald movies. Any other suggestions?	Love Me Tonight

1 Ghostbusters, Legends of the Fall, The Odd Couple, Out of Africa, Gladiator, Titanic, and Go are movies I liked. I'm looking for an animals movie.	Doctor Dolittle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, animals, Rex Harrison
3 I rate dreamworks movies. Any other suggestions?	Kung Fu Panda

1 The Birdcage, Nine Months, Outbreak, Emma, Mr. Holland's Opus, Schindler's List, and The Fugitive are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Multiplicity
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Harold Ramis, Andie MacDowell
3 I like Emma Stone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Magic in the Moonlight

1 The Evil Dead, Singin' in the Rain, 'night, Mother, The Terminator, The Princess Bride, Con Air, and Bambi are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Tommy
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, rock opera, Roger Daltrey
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Safe in Hell

1 I loved Blood Diamond, The Matrix, Cinema Paradiso, and Life Is Beautiful. I'm looking for a David Morse movie.	The Green Mile
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Darabont
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	16 Blocks

1 I love Jaws, The Astronaut's Wife, Rain Man, The Sixth Sense, The Ninth Gate, The General's Daughter, and Office Space. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boiler Room
2 Who does that star?	Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Nia Long, Nicky Katt
3 I prefer Fredric March movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Honor Among Lovers

1 Face/Off, Reservoir Dogs, Tombstone, Happy Gilmore, The Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, and The Rock are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Hurricane
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, John Ford
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nun's Story

1 Amélie, Spirited Away, The Godfather, Annie Hall, Die Hard, The Thing, and The Incredibles are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Paths of Glory
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas
3 I prefer Stepan Krylov movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ivan's Childhood

1 Brazil, The Deer Hunter, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Dead Man Walking, Living in Oblivion, and Casablanca are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	La Femme Nikita
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, French, Luc Besson
3 I prefer racing movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Need for Speed

1 I really like The Red Violin, Hoop Dreams, Being John Malkovich, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Rushmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, Bill Murray, Love, Wes Anderson, teacher, Jason Schwartzman, 2, Olivia Williams
3 I prefer Irish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once

1 Roman Holiday, Heathers, Romeo + Juliet, It's a Wonderful Life, Fargo, My Left Foot, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Poets Society
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I prefer Carmen Ejogo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Selma

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, Boogie Nights, Forrest Gump, Fargo, The Shawshank Redemption, Cool Hand Luke, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	There Will Be Blood
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, r, Paul Thomas Anderson, California, oil, Paul Dano, Upton Sinclair
3 I like Don Knotts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pleasantville

1 My Cousin Vinny, Frequency, The Patriot, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Last of the Mohicans, The Matrix, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Christmas Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Clark
3 I rate Chris Columbus movies. Any other suggestions?	Mrs. Doubtfire

1 I liked When Harry Met Sally..., The Painted Veil, You've Got Mail, and Becoming Jane. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jab We Met
2 What else is that about?	india, Train, manic pixie dream girl, Kareena Kapoor
3 I prefer british movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Inbetweeners 2

1 12 Angry Men, Annie Hall, Home Alone, Before Sunset, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, and Primal Fear are movies I love. I'm looking for an animated movie.	The Prince of Egypt
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, animated, biblical, dreamworks, Ralph Fiennes, Steve Martin, egypt, Michelle Pfeiffer, hans zimmer, Martin Short, Prince, moses
3 I like Hero movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Incredibles

1 Toy Story 2, Batman Returns, The Mummy, Election, Young Frankenstein, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Limey are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Godzilla movie.	Godzilla 2000
2 What else is that about?	kaiju, Godzilla
3 I prefer japan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Destroy All Monsters

1 I liked The American President, Saturday Night Fever, Looking for Richard, Magnolia, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Metropolis, and U-571. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Once Upon a Time in Mexico
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez
3 I like Phillip Noyce movies more. Do you know anything else?	Salt

1 I watched the films The Game, Singin' in the Rain, Wings of Desire, The Silence of the Lambs, Dead Man, Memento, and Mulholland Drive and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crying Game
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Forest Whitaker, Neil Jordan, ira, Stephen Rea, Soldier
3 I prefer Jessica Biel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Illusionist

1 A Close Shave, The Usual Suspects, Heavenly Creatures, Schindler's List, The Hudsucker Proxy, Sleepers, and Trainspotting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Giuseppe Tornatore movie.	The Star Maker
2 Who does that star?	Sergio Castellitto
3 I rate Monica Bellucci movies. Any other suggestions?	Malèna

1 The Fifth Element, The Pianist, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Toy Story 2, Amélie, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Dead Poets Society are movies I liked. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Scent of a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, new york city, Al Pacino, Philip Seymour Hoffman, school, 1, Chris O'Donnell, Martin Brest
3 I like James Caan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Elf

1 I watched the films Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Dogma, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Field of Dreams, The Incredibles, Toy Story 2, and Chasing Amy and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I rate Leo McCarey movies. Any other suggestions?	Make Way for Tomorrow

1 I liked A Close Shave, The Princess Diaries, Xanadu, Grease, Charlie's Angels, Miss Congeniality, and Amélie. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Footloose
2 What else is that about?	remake, dance
3 I rate Sharon Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Diabolique

1 I really like A Hard Day's Night, Diner, Rain Man, Caddyshack, MASH, Gods and Monsters, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Detail
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson
3 I like Magaly Solier movies more. Do you know anything else?	Madeinusa

1 Natural Born Killers, Edward Scissorhands, Stand by Me, Toy Story, Blade, Pixote, and Sleepy Hollow are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monster House
2 What else is that about?	House, motion capture
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hedwig and the Angry Inch

1 I loved Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, What Dreams May Come, The Time Machine, Gandhi, Pan's Labyrinth, Serenity, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a Matthew Broderick movie.	Ladyhawke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Matthew Broderick, Michelle Pfeiffer, Rutger Hauer, Richard Donner
3 I prefer Harvey Fierstein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Torch Song Trilogy

1 The Hangover, American History X, Rear Window, Blade Runner, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Pulp Fiction, and The Godfather are movies I love. I'm looking for a 2 movie.	American Psycho
2 Who is that directed by?	Mary Harron
3 I prefer Robert Zemeckis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forrest Gump

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Pretty Woman, The Sixth Sense, Forrest Gump, A Beautiful Mind, Primal Fear, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are films I like. I'm looking for a visual movie.	Avatar
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like Rob Zombie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Halloween II

1 Life Is Beautiful, The Big Lebowski, The Blues Brothers, Rain Man, Clear and Present Danger, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Heat are films I like. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I prefer Jane Campion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Piano

1 Natural Born Killers, Braveheart, The Lion King, Sense and Sensibility, Twister, The Shawshank Redemption, and Jurassic Park are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fighting movie.	Mortal Kombat
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Fighting, Christopher Lambert
3 I like Christian Bale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Terminator Salvation

1 How to Train Your Dragon, 12 Angry Men, The Elephant Man, Batman Begins, The Shawshank Redemption, The Name of the Rose, and Once Upon a Time in America are movies I like. I'm looking for a cia movie.	The Bourne Ultimatum
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Greengrass
3 I rate George Clooney movies. Any other suggestions?	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind

1 I really like The Crow, Burn After Reading, Far from Heaven, Seven Samurai, Batman Begins, Ed Wood, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	Lincoln
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Biography, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, Sally Field
3 I rate Dakota Fanning movies. Any other suggestions?	War of the Worlds

1 The Manchurian Candidate, In the Company of Men, Out of Sight, Rear Window, Pulp Fiction, Lone Star, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I liked. I'm looking for a Whit Stillman movie.	The Last Days of Disco
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Whit Stillman
3 I prefer Barcelona movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barcelona

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Annie Hall, Les Misérables, Casablanca, Singin' in the Rain, North by Northwest, and Lone Star are films I liked. I'm looking for a Howard Hawks movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I rate William Wyler movies. Any other suggestions?	Come and Get It

1 I loved Brokeback Mountain, Taxi Driver, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Goodfellas, V for Vendetta, Eraser, and Rocky. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I rate Femme Fatale movies. Any other suggestions?	Pretty Poison

1 I really liked Safety Last!, La Strada, Freaks, The Deer Hunter, The Wicker Man, Brazil, and Stalker. I'm looking for a Heist movie.	Le Cercle Rouge
2 What else is that about?	Heist
3 I rate Christopher Walken movies. Any other suggestions?	The Maiden Heist

1 Scary Movie 3, Cube Zero, I Am Legend, Pet Sematary, Alien, The Lawnmower Man, and Jaws 2 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Hostel
2 Who is that directed by?	Eli Roth
3 I like Christian Alvart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Case 39

1 Speed, The Fugitive, The Net, Clueless, While You Were Sleeping, Congo, and Jumanji are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bond movie.	GoldenEye
2 Who does that star?	Pierce Brosnan
3 I prefer Sean Connery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thunderball

1 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, American Beauty, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Hard Candy, The Silence of the Lambs, Shortbus, and The Skeleton Key are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Madagascar
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, africa, Ben Stiller, animals, island, dreamworks, Sacha Baron Cohen, Chris Rock, David Schwimmer, zoo
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Agent Cody Banks

1 Trainspotting, Black Cat, White Cat, A Prophet, The Experiment, Run Lola Run, A Serious Man, and Burn After Reading are films I loved. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	No Country for Old Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Thriller, r, coen brothers, Tommy Lee Jones, Texas, Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, landscape, Cormac McCarthy
3 I prefer Jeff Bridges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Grit

1 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Some Like It Hot, Citizen Kane, Singin' in the Rain, My Man Godfrey, Psycho, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Stalag 17
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder
3 I rate Frank Launder movies. Any other suggestions?	I See a Dark Stranger

1 I really liked Kikujiro, Princess Mononoke, Lolita, 8½, Stalker, Once Upon a Time in America, and In the Mood for Love. I'm looking for a library movie.	The Kid
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, library, charlie chaplin
3 I prefer gangs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	White Heat

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Romancing the Stone, Toy Story, Mary Poppins, The Avengers, and Home Alone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe
3 I prefer Sara Paxton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Aquamarine

1 I liked The Crying Game, Aladdin, Escape to Witch Mountain, Corrina, Corrina, Cold Comfort Farm, Somewhere in Time, and Nell. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	It's My Party
2 What else is that about?	aids, party, Randal Kleiser
3 I prefer apartheid movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Invictus

1 Gattaca, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Die Hard, The Shawshank Redemption, Saving Private Ryan, Dangerous Liaisons, and The Graduate are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I like franchise movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scary Movie 4

1 I liked Jurassic Park, Roommates, The Shawshank Redemption, Circle of Friends, A Simple Twist of Fate, Wolf, and The Nightmare Before Christmas. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mixed Nuts
2 What else is that about?	christmas, Steve Martin, Nora Ephron
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Don't Go Near the Water

1 Nell, Crimson Tide, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Outbreak, The Shawshank Redemption, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Congo
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall
3 I prefer Tim Story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fantastic Four

1 I watched the films Mary Poppins, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, You Can't Take It With You, A Little Princess, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The Wizard of Oz, and The Green Mile and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Elf
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, christmas, Will Ferrell, Zooey Deschanel, New York, Jon Favreau, elves, James Caan, will ferrel
3 I rate Mary Steenburgen movies. Any other suggestions?	Goin' South

1 Goodfellas, Payback, The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, GoldenEye, Meet the Parents, and Carlito's Way are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	U Turn
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I like Kelly Preston movies more. Do you know anything else?	SpaceCamp

1 Big Night, Gattaca, Amélie, High Fidelity, Dogma, Almost Famous, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a High School movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, High School, coming of age, teen, school, John Hughes, teenager, brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald, Judd Nelson, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy
3 I prefer Kathy Bates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angus

1 Klute, The Big Lebowski, Casablanca, Three Kings, Schindler's List, Midnight Cowboy, and Mystery Men are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	King of the Hill
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, MASH, Blade Runner, Raising Arizona, Casablanca, Chinatown, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Odd Couple
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau
3 I prefer Renée Zellweger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jerry Maguire

1 Cube, Downfall, Equilibrium, The King's Speech, A Grand Day Out, A Close Shave, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I love. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Cashback
2 What else is that about?	Short
3 I rate Edward F. Cline movies. Any other suggestions?	Cops

1 I watched the films Stargate, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Matrix, Patriot Games, Aliens, The Terminator, and The World Is Not Enough and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Untouchables
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Robert De Niro, Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, ennio morricone, Brian De Palma, David Mamet, prohibition, na
3 I like John Hillcoat movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Road

1 I loved Titanic, As Good as It Gets, The Notebook, The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story 3, Forrest Gump, and How to Train Your Dragon. I'm looking for a Jean Negulesco movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco

1 Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suicide, Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I like figure skating movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ice Castles

1 A Few Good Men, Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, When Harry Met Sally..., Caddyshack, Conspiracy Theory, and The Wizard of Oz are films I loved. I'm looking for a Peter Fonda movie.	Easy Rider
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, drugs, library, marijuana, road movie, Dennis Hopper, united states, Peter Fonda, counterculture
3 I rate Mark Steven Johnson movies. Any other suggestions?	Ghost Rider

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, As Good as It Gets, L.A. Confidential, My Cousin Vinny, Groundhog Day, Schindler's List, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who does that star?	Willeke van Ammelrooy
3 I rate Mary Stuart Masterson movies. Any other suggestions?	Fried Green Tomatoes

1 Crimson Tide, Forrest Gump, Demolition Man, Speed, Die Hard, In the Line of Fire, and Apollo 13 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I like Diane Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Marvin's Room

1 Planet of the Apes, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, American History X, The Departed, Alien, and The Matrix are films I loved. I'm looking for a Denzel Washington movie.	Training Day
2 What else is that about?	r, Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke, Antoine Fuqua
3 I prefer Radha Mitchell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man on Fire

1 Young Frankenstein, Babe, The Godfather, Speed, Dead Man Walking, The Terminator, and L.A. Confidential are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	My Life as a Dog
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Swedish, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Whole Town's Talking

1 Glengarry Glen Ross, The Deep End, The Exorcist, The Verdict, The Conversation, Delicatessen, and Unforgiven are films I liked. I'm looking for a Lucas movie.	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, national film registry, spielberg, usa, 1930s, indiana jones, 1, Lucas, Denholm Elliott, Karen Allen, ark of the covenant
3 I rate holy grail movies. Any other suggestions?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

1 The Bourne Ultimatum, Hope Floats, Emma, The Bourne Supremacy, Miracle on 34th Street, Bridget Jones's Diary, and The Bourne Identity are films I really like. I'm looking for a biography? movie.	Becoming Jane
2 What else is that about?	england, Anne Hathaway, Jane Austen, James McAvoy, biography?, austen
3 I rate Philip Seymour Hoffman movies. Any other suggestions?	Capote

1 I really liked Kingpin, American Beauty, L.A. Confidential, Forrest Gump, Lost in Translation, The Usual Suspects, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Hayao Miyazaki movie.	Princess Mononoke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Drama, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, Japanese, miyazaki, forest, Princess, gods, historical fantasy
3 I rate flying movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiki's Delivery Service

1 The Usual Suspects, Fitzcarraldo, Schindler's List, Gattaca, The Big One, Barbarella, and Cinema Paradiso are movies I love. I'm looking for an insects movie.	Microcosmos
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, insects

1 Face/Off, Toy Story, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Badlands, Double Indemnity, High Noon, and Love and Death on Long Island are films I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Thin Blue Line
2 What else is that about?	Errol Morris
3 I prefer Luis Buñuel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Land Without Bread

1 I watched the films Alien, The Game, Pulp Fiction, The Wrong Trousers, Aliens, The Shining, and A Fish Called Wanda and loved them. I'm looking for a Rob Reiner movie.	The Princess Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wolf of Wall Street

1 I love How to Train Your Dragon and Toy Story 3. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kick-Ass
2 What else is that about?	violence, superhero, comic book, r, story, Nicolas Cage, Vigilante, Matthew Vaughn
3 I rate series movies. Any other suggestions?	Lethal Weapon

1 Welcome to the Dollhouse, Dead Man Walking, Mighty Aphrodite, Sling Blade, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The English Patient, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crucible
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicholas Hytner
3 I prefer Gillian Armstrong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mrs. Soffel

1 Jumanji, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, Treasure Island, The Untouchables, The Black Stallion, The Man from Snowy River, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are films I really like. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Invaders from Mars
2 What else is that about?	remake, Tobe Hooper
3 I prefer Jean Reno movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Just Visiting

1 Breaking Away, The Magnificent Seven, The Breakfast Club, Saving Private Ryan, Back to the Future, West Side Story, and Scarface are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Searchers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Western, John Wayne, vistavision, John Ford
3 I like civil war movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Outlaw Josey Wales

1 Almost Famous, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Matrix, Run Lola Run, Princess Mononoke, Collateral, and Casino are films I like. I'm looking for a Sisters movie.	Happiness
2 What else is that about?	Sisters, Todd Solondz
3 I prefer 1970s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Virgin Suicides

1 I really liked Citizen Kane, 12 Angry Men, Erin Brockovich, Magnolia, La Haine, Rear Window, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Brooklyn movie.	Crooklyn
2 What else is that about?	Brooklyn
3 I like sexual movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shortbus

1 I watched the films The Fifth Element, Men in Black, The Big Lebowski, A Close Shave, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Trainspotting, and Fargo and loved them. I'm looking for a War movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I prefer Aldo Ray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men in War

1 I liked Little Fockers, Spirited Away, Grease, The Parent Trap, Tower Heist, Indecent Proposal, and Bambi II. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rock of Ages
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Hough, Diego Boneta
3 I like Travis Fimmel movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Baytown Outlaws

1 I really like Swingers, Naked, Red River, High Fidelity, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Rope, and Sideways. I'm looking for a French movie.	Jules and Jim
2 Who is that directed by?	François Truffaut
3 I like Anne Fontaine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nathalie...

1 I loved E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Shawshank Redemption, Men in Black, Django Unchained, Jurassic Park, The Last of the Mohicans, and A Few Good Men. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Leonardo DiCaprio, addiction, Mark Wahlberg, basketball, heroin
3 I like Musical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enchanted

1 I love Boomerang, Beauty and the Beast, Pulp Fiction, Apollo 13, Batman, Tombstone, and Tommy Boy. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Love Affair
2 What else is that about?	ennio morricone
3 I prefer Cecil B. DeMille movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Male and Female

1 Something Wicked This Way Comes, Planet of the Apes, Top Hat, The Pajama Game, The Maltese Falcon, Gone with the Wind, and Stand by Me are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a François Truffaut movie.	Jules and Jim
2 What else is that about?	French, François Truffaut
3 I rate light movies. Any other suggestions?	Day for Night

1 Speed, The Fugitive, Bread and Chocolate, Batman, Fly Away Home, The Lion King, and Schindler's List are films I loved. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	The Firm
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Hal Holbrook
3 I rate Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio movies. Any other suggestions?	The Color of Money

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Heat, Almost Famous, Rushmore, Fearless, Akira, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Stalker movie.	Perfect Blue
2 What else is that about?	japan, Stalker, Satoshi Kon

1 Clueless, Romeo + Juliet, Home for the Holidays, Pump Up the Volume, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Basketball Diaries, and The Crow are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, 1980s, Adam Sandler, Romantic Comedy, Drew Barrymore, Frank Coraci
3 I like Airport movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Terminal

1 I really liked Eyes Wide Shut, Goodfellas, Mallrats, Alive, Scarface, Kiki's Delivery Service, and Rain Man. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	King Kong
2 Who is that directed by?	John Guillermin
3 I rate Will Finn movies. Any other suggestions?	The Road to El Dorado

1 I love Vertigo, Casino Royale, Glengarry Glen Ross, Mystic River, Scarface, 25th Hour, and Backdraft. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Up in the Air
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, George Clooney, las vegas, travel, Jason Reitman, detroit, miami, corporate
3 I rate High School movies. Any other suggestions?	Struck by Lightning

1 What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Psycho, Days of Wine and Roses, The Hustler, The Wild Bunch, Touch of Evil, and Sanjuro are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Slacker
2 What else is that about?	Richard Linklater
3 I like Béla Tarr movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prefab People

1 I loved Wild Things, The Usual Suspects, Goodfellas, L.A. Confidential, Spider-Man, Pulp Fiction, and Austin Powers in Goldmember. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barbershop
2 What else is that about?	Cedric the Entertainer
3 I prefer Buster Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Haunted House

1 Little Big Man, Patton, The Wizard of Oz, Ed Wood, The Grapes of Wrath, Harold and Maude, and Driving Miss Daisy are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Love Bug
2 Who does that star?	David Tomlinson, Dean Jones, Buddy Hackett, Michele Lee
3 I prefer Alexis Arquette movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Think I Do

1 Princess Mononoke, Six-String Samurai, The Maltese Falcon, F/X, Fight Club, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Die Hard are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Brotherhood of the Wolf
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, 18th century, Vincent Cassel
3 I prefer Roman Polanski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Venus in Fur

1 I loved A Bronx Tale, Wings of Desire, The Producers, Fargo, Burnt by the Sun, Working Girl, and Out of Africa. I'm looking for a Wim Wenders movie.	Faraway, So Close!
2 Who does that star?	Bruno Ganz, Nastassja Kinski, Otto Sander
3 I rate Juliano Ribeiro Salgado movies. Any other suggestions?	The Salt of the Earth

1 Goodfellas, Man Facing Southeast, Taxi Driver, Gridlock'd, The Big Lebowski, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Army of Darkness are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	Forgotten Silver
2 Who does that star?	Peter Jackson, Costa Botes
3 I rate Robert August movies. Any other suggestions?	The Endless Summer

1 I loved Chinatown, A Fish Called Wanda, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Tin Drum, Ulee's Gold, The African Queen, and Diva. I'm looking for a Giuseppe Tornatore movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 Who is that directed by?	Giuseppe Tornatore

1 I really like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Goldfinger, Cliffhanger, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, The Longest Day, and Jaws. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Jackal
2 What else is that about?	remake, Bruce Willis, assassin, Sidney Poitier
3 I prefer Samuel L. Jackson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Snakes on a Plane

1 Shrek and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Blood Diamond
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, africa, civil war, Jennifer Connelly, south africa, Edward Zwick, rebels, Diamonds, sierra leone
3 I prefer Jake Gyllenhaal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Enemy

1 The Lord of the Rings, Time Bandits, Dune, Grosse Pointe Blank, Ghost in the Shell, The Matrix, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Name of the Rose
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery, medieval, book, Christian Slater, eco, Umberto Eco
3 I like Brian De Palma movies more. Do you know anything else?	Femme Fatale

1 I love Dark City, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Heathers, Toy Story 2, Jurassic Park, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a dc movie.	Batman Returns
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Walken, Michelle Pfeiffer, Danny DeVito, Michael Keaton
3 I rate Benjamin Bratt movies. Any other suggestions?	Catwoman

1 Grave of the Fireflies, Crash, Bicycle Thieves, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Godfather, American History X, and The Dark Knight are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Black Swan
2 Who does that star?	Natalie Portman, Mila Kunis, Vincent Cassel
3 I like Ray McAnally movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taffin

1 The Wizard of Oz, A Little Princess, Taxi Driver, Deliverance, Emma, Hoop Dreams, and The Player are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I rate Fred Schepisi movies. Any other suggestions?	Plenty

1 I like The Fugitive, Babe, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Crimson Tide, The American President, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I prefer Maria Bello movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	World Trade Center

1 The Godfather, Sullivan's Travels, It's a Wonderful Life, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Village of the Damned, The Birds, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Best Years of Our Lives
2 Who does that star?	Dana Andrews, Fredric March, Teresa Wright, Myrna Loy
3 I rate Lane Garrison movies. Any other suggestions?	Camp X-Ray

1 MASH, The Silence of the Lambs, Outbreak, Jaws, Clear and Present Danger, The Wrong Trousers, and Hannibal are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a History movie.	Grass
2 What else is that about?	History, Documentary, marijuana, Ron Mann
3 I like propaganda movies more. Do you know anything else?	Triumph of the Will

1 I really like Princess Mononoke, Dogma, Chasing Amy, The Wrong Trousers, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Lost in Translation, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for an Action movie.	La Femme Nikita
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, French, Luc Besson
3 I prefer Tommy Lee Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men in Black II

1 Reservoir Dogs, Oldboy, Lost in Translation, The Usual Suspects, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Catch Me If You Can, and The Graduate are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Johnny Depp, new york city, mafia, Al Pacino, 1970s, fbi, Mike Newell, Anne Heche, Bruno Kirby
3 I rate Lasse Hallström movies. Any other suggestions?	Once Around

1 I really liked 50 First Dates, Psycho, Duplex, Stay Alive, Stand by Me, Creature from the Black Lagoon, and When a Stranger Calls. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Seed of Chucky
2 What else is that about?	Jennifer Tilly
3 I like James Cagney movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Midsummer Night's Dream

1 I really like Taxi Driver, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, The Indian in the Cupboard, Dead Man Walking, The Usual Suspects, and The Madness of King George. I'm looking for a Chazz Palminteri movie.	Jade
2 What else is that about?	Linda Fiorentino, Chazz Palminteri
3 I prefer Will Ferrell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Night at the Roxbury

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Passion of the Christ, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Graduate, Gladiator, Full Metal Jacket, and Scarface are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	Multiplicity
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I like Ivan Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stripes

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Aliens, The French Connection, A Fish Called Wanda, American Splendor, Double Indemnity, and Dirty Harry are films I liked. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Blob
2 Who is that directed by?	Chuck Russell
3 I like Zack Snyder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dawn of the Dead

1 Nashville, Pulp Fiction, The Natural, Chinatown, Clerks, Time Bandits, and Marathon Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Unforgiven
2 What else is that about?	racism, Audrey Hepburn, John Huston
3 I like american civil war movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dark Command

1 I really like The Insider, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Sixth Sense, Forrest Gump, The Fifth Element, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I prefer skinheads movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Is England

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Amélie, Spirited Away, No Country for Old Men, The Shawshank Redemption, Pan's Labyrinth, and Princess Mononoke are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The City of Lost Children
2 What else is that about?	children, Ron Perlman, jeunet
3 I rate Stephen Rea movies. Any other suggestions?	The Company of Wolves

1 I really like Beverly Hills Cop, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Men in Black, The Sixth Sense, The Blob, Gone with the Wind, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Hercules
2 Who is that directed by?	Brett Ratner
3 I rate Roman Polanski movies. Any other suggestions?	Pirates

1 Hot Fuzz and A Clockwork Orange are films I really like. I'm looking for a berlin movie.	Downfall
2 What else is that about?	War, r, germany, German, berlin, foreign, Adolf Hitler, nazi germany, hitler, Oliver Hirschbiegel
3 I prefer Matthew Goode movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chasing Liberty

1 Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Spaceballs, Shrek, The Lion King, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Back to the Future, and The Avengers are films I love. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Minority Report
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Paul McGuigan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reckoning

1 Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Fargo, and The Sixth Sense are movies I like. I'm looking for a 1950s movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer Terrence Malick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tree of Life

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Shrek, Million Dollar Baby, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Matrix, Ratatouille, and The Thin Red Line are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Lisa Cholodenko movie.	The Kids Are All Right
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Annette Bening, Lisa Cholodenko
3 I prefer Kate Beckinsale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Laurel Canyon

1 Army of Darkness, The Game, V for Vendetta, Four Rooms, Dune, Dead Poets Society, and Crash are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Serenity
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Western, Joss Whedon, firefly, space western
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ox-Bow Incident

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Cinema Paradiso, Jean de Florette, The African Queen, Sleeping Beauty, Sliding Doors, and A Life Less Ordinary are films I really liked. I'm looking for an István Szabó movie.	Mephisto
2 Who is that directed by?	István Szabó

1 Go, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Glory, Fantasia, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Rugrats Movie
2 Who does that star?	Christine Cavanaugh, Kath Soucie
3 I rate Anthony Michael Hall movies. Any other suggestions?	The Breakfast Club

1 Full Metal Jacket, The Big Lebowski, West Side Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Caddyshack, The Fly, and Airplane! are movies I love. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	Malcolm X
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington, Angela Bassett, Albert Hall
3 I prefer Brad Pitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Goodfellas, The Terminator, The Usual Suspects, Alien, and Bad Taste are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, future, science fiction, Western, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, Lea Thompson, Mary Steenburgen
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eragon

1 I really like Addams Family Values, Alien, Avatar, Planet of the Apes, 10,000 BC, The Adjustment Bureau, and A.I. Artificial Intelligence. I'm looking for a Thomas Jane movie.	Deep Blue Sea
2 What else is that about?	Samuel L. Jackson, Renny Harlin, Thomas Jane, LL Cool J
3 I like comic book movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Punisher

1 I really like It's a Wonderful Life, Babe, Boys Don't Cry, The Princess Bride, Network, The Silence of the Lambs, and Henry V. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	She's Gotta Have It
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I rate Matthiew Klinck movies. Any other suggestions?	Hank and Mike

1 Fight Club, Wedding Crashers, Ocean's Eleven, The Hangover, Old School, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and 17 Again are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Role Models
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Paul Rudd, Seann William Scott, Elizabeth Banks, Ken Jeong, Jane Lynch, David Wain
3 I prefer okinawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Teahouse of the August Moon

1 Inception, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight, The Avengers, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Remember the Titans
2 What else is that about?	Drama, High School, sports, racism, Denzel Washington, Boaz Yakin
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blackball

1 I watched the films The Ice Storm, Rear Window, Manhattan, A Fish Called Wanda, Singin' in the Rain, Trading Places, and The Manchurian Candidate and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swingers
2 Who does that star?	Vince Vaughn, Ron Livingston, Jon Favreau
3 I rate Michael Palin movies. Any other suggestions?	A Private Function

1 I watched the films Schindler's List, Beyond Rangoon, The American President, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Piano, Sleepless in Seattle, and Rob Roy and loved them. I'm looking for a Kurt Russell movie.	Executive Decision
2 What else is that about?	Kurt Russell, Halle Berry, Steven Seagal
3 I like snake plissken movies more. Do you know anything else?	Escape from L.A.

1 I really like Back to the Future, Jurassic Park, Titanic, Being John Malkovich, There's Something About Mary, Forrest Gump, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Office Space
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Aniston, Ron Livingston, Ajay Naidu, David Herman
3 I rate Luke Wilson movies. Any other suggestions?	Idiocracy

1 Remember the Titans, 15 Minutes, Memento, American History X, A Life Less Ordinary, Top Gun, and Scent of a Woman are movies I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Sleepers
2 What else is that about?	r, Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Pie 2

1 I like Platoon, And the Band Played On, Shakespeare in Love, Dangerous Liaisons, Donnie Brasco, The Princess Bride, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Unforgiven
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, Gene Hackman, best picture, Richard Harris, eastwood
3 I like Wesley Ruggles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cimarron

1 I love Schindler's List, The Dark Knight, The Godfather, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	Fight Club
2 Who is that directed by?	David Fincher
3 I prefer Tim Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Toy Story, When Harry Met Sally..., The Princess Bride, Good Will Hunting, and Annie Hall are films I love. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	The Sting
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Paul Newman, Robert Shaw
3 I rate Bibi Andersson movies. Any other suggestions?	Quintet

1 Raging Bull, The Terminator, Forrest Gump, Groundhog Day, Cyrano de Bergerac, Alien, and Sense and Sensibility are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tom Berenger movie.	Platoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I like Christopher Nolan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inception

1 In the Line of Fire, True Lies, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, Ghost, Clear and Present Danger, and Dances with Wolves are films I really like. I'm looking for a Renny Harlin movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I like Samuel L. Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Long Kiss Goodnight

1 I really like Cool Hand Luke, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Toy Story, Smoke, Chinatown, The Philadelphia Story, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Steve Buscemi movie.	Trees Lounge
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, bar
3 I rate Jena Malone movies. Any other suggestions?	The Messenger

1 MASH, Full Metal Jacket, Groundhog Day, The Blues Brothers, Dances with Wolves, The Usual Suspects, and Heathers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	Psycho
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I prefer Alfred Hitchcock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rear Window

1 I like The King of Comedy, Citizen Kane, The Player, The Dead, The Producers, Duck Soup, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Champagne for Caesar
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Price, Celeste Holm, Ronald Colman, Barbara Britton
3 I like Adam Sandler movies more. Do you know anything else?	Billy Madison

1 A Clockwork Orange, Fargo, Apocalypse Now, Goodfellas, Bonnie and Clyde, Heavenly Creatures, and Nosferatu are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	The Killing Fields
2 What else is that about?	War, John Malkovich, cambodia
3 I like gerard depardieu movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man in the Iron Mask

1 Requiem for a Dream, American History X, and Shrek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Brothers Karamazov

1 The Pianist, The Sting, Annie Hall, Hotel Rwanda, Alien, Fair Game, and The Killing Fields are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Crimes of the Heart
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Beresford
3 I like Sean Anders movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sex Drive

1 I love Groundhog Day, Fanny and Alexander, The Matrix, Sid and Nancy, A Room with a View, The Player, and Happiness. I'm looking for a Stanley Kubrick movie.	Barry Lyndon
2 Who does that star?	Patrick Magee, Ryan O'Neal, Hardy Krüger, Marisa Berenson
3 I rate Shelley Winters movies. Any other suggestions?	Lolita

1 I love Romancing the Stone, Starman, Cocoon, Edward Scissorhands, A Very Brady Sequel, The Color Purple, and Blue Velvet. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Something Wild
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Garfein
3 I prefer Alex Kurtzman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	People Like Us

1 I love The Prestige, Spider-Man, The Bourne Identity, Shoot 'Em Up, Crank, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, and Clerks II. I'm looking for a Seann William Scott movie.	Role Models
2 Who is that directed by?	David Wain
3 I rate Peter Berg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rundown

1 I love The Crow, Philadelphia, Forrest Gump, Legends of the Fall, Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Mask
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Greene, Peter Riegert
3 I rate Murilo Benício movies. Any other suggestions?	Woman on Top

1 Amélie, And Now for Something Completely Different, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, The Pink Panther, Dog Day Afternoon, Freaks, and Shaun of the Dead are films I liked. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	Revenge of the Pink Panther
2 Who does that star?	Peter Sellers
3 I rate Eileen Brennan movies. Any other suggestions?	Murder by Death

1 Up in the Air, The Last of the Mohicans, The Lion King, The Matrix, Stand by Me, Scent of a Woman, and Ip Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	Revenge of the Pink Panther
2 Who does that star?	Peter Sellers
3 I prefer Herbert Lom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Return of the Pink Panther

1 I like Training Day, The Deer Hunter, Raging Bull, La Femme Nikita, Million Dollar Baby, American Beauty, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Informant!
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer Judd Apatow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Funny People

1 I really liked Casablanca, The Breakfast Club, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a 1950s movie.	Grease
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta, Stockard Channing, Jeff Conaway
3 I rate Brad Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tree of Life

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Casablanca, Good Will Hunting, In the Line of Fire, Arsenic and Old Lace, Mona Lisa, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Embeth Davidtz movie.	Matilda
2 Who does that star?	Danny DeVito, Embeth Davidtz, Rhea Perlman, Mara Wilson

1 The Green Mile, The Parent Trap, Bruce Almighty, RoboCop, Ella Enchanted, Saw, and The Truman Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bucket List
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Xavier Dolan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heartbeats

1 Apocalypse Now, 300, The Dark Knight, Behind Enemy Lines, An American Tail, A Beautiful Mind, and Airplane! are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Goodman movie.	The Big Lebowski
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, soundtrack, coen brothers, Philip Seymour Hoffman, characters, Jeff Bridges, Julianne Moore, Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, John Turturro, mistaken identity, Tara Reid, Ransom
3 I prefer dinosaur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story

1 I watched the films Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, Speed, Dead Man Walking, Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, and Clerks and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Toy Story
2 Who is that directed by?	John Lasseter
3 I like Colin Teague movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Drop

1 I loved Forrest Gump, The Green Mile, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Big Fish
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I like Hayao Miyazaki movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Neighbor Totoro

1 Aliens, Field of Dreams, The Spitfire Grill, Batman, A Fish Called Wanda, Young Frankenstein, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I love. I'm looking for a Speed movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I prefer 1960s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The World's Fastest Indian

1 I watched the films The Hudsucker Proxy, Vertigo, Stand by Me, Gandhi, Pulp Fiction, Citizen Kane, and Leaving Las Vegas and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Home for the Holidays
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, robert downey jr
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Lincoln

1 Amélie, M, The Exorcist, Taxi Driver, The Big Lebowski, The Lady Vanishes, and Klute are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Man Who Would Be King
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer, Sean Connery, Saeed Jaffrey
3 I rate Brian Haley movies. Any other suggestions?	Baby's Day Out

1 I liked Dark City, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Sullivan's Travels, Rebel Without a Cause, Romeo and Juliet, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and La Dolce Vita. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Attack
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Aldrich
3 I rate Baz Luhrmann movies. Any other suggestions?	Australia

1 I loved Full Metal Jacket, Ran, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, A Clockwork Orange, Big, MASH, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Splash
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, John Candy, Eugene Levy
3 I prefer Quvenzhané Wallis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beasts of the Southern Wild

1 I loved A Grand Day Out, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Fargo, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Brazil, and Dead Man. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Close Shave
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I rate Mark Borchardt movies. Any other suggestions?	Coven

1 I love Mary Poppins, Airplane!, Gandhi, Singin' in the Rain, Chicken Run, Babe, and Sabrina. I'm looking for a coming of age movie.	Dirty Dancing
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, soundtrack, teen, dance, dancing, Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	American Graffiti

1 Being John Malkovich, Sliding Doors, Swingers, The Graduate, Good Will Hunting, Almost Famous, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Annie Hall
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, Woody Allen, romantic, New York, best picture, 2, Diane Keaton
3 I like Peter Berg movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rundown

1 The Matrix and Ghostbusters are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Alien, Carl Weathers, Predator, John McTiernan, jesse ventura, the story
3 I like Andrew Davis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Under Siege

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Citizen Kane, Fargo, The Last Waltz, Cool Hand Luke, Casablanca, and The Godfather are films I liked. I'm looking for an Eva Marie Saint movie.	North by Northwest
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, Cary Grant, mistaken identity, James Mason, bernard herrmann, Eva Marie Saint

1 Alien, Aliens, Antz, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Dune, The Toxic Avenger, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Highlander
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, Clancy Brown, Roxanne Hart
3 I rate Peter Boyle movies. Any other suggestions?	Outland

1 Babe and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando
3 I rate Jane Fonda movies. Any other suggestions?	Tall Story

1 The Exorcist, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Wrong Trousers, True Grit, Intermission, Rango, and Evil Dead II are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an anime movie.	Tekkonkinkreet
2 What else is that about?	anime, yakuza, manga
3 I like cgi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Vexille

1 Pulp Fiction, Sling Blade, Cool Hand Luke, The Crying Game, To Kill a Mockingbird, Trainspotting, and Lost Highway are films I like. I'm looking for a women movie.	The Color Purple
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Jon Avnet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fried Green Tomatoes

1 Rashomon, The Wild Bunch, Lawrence of Arabia, The General, City Lights, A Man Escaped, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	I Vitelloni
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini
3 I prefer Kat Candler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hellion

1 Around the World in 80 Days, The Prince of Egypt, 10 Things I Hate About You, The King and I, Howl's Moving Castle, High School Musical, and Another Cinderella Story are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	3 Days to Kill
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Costner
3 I like tokyo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Akira

1 Die Hard, Wild Wild West, The Mask, The Terminator, The Matrix, The Boondock Saints, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jet Li movie.	The One
2 Who is that directed by?	James Wong
3 I prefer Chris Nahon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kiss of the Dragon

1 I really liked Babe, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, Jurassic Park, Outbreak, The Fugitive, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Sally Field movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I like Sydney Pollack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Absence of Malice

1 Swingers, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, 48 Hrs., Monsters, Inc., Office Space, Slap Shot, and My Cousin Vinny are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I prefer Valerie Faris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ruby Sparks

1 Breakfast at Tiffany's, Sabrina, A River Runs Through It, Garden State, Before Sunset, Cinema Paradiso, and Reality Bites are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex and Lucia
2 What else is that about?	surreal, erotic, Spanish, mediterranean
3 I rate Olga Kurylenko movies. Any other suggestions?	The Water Diviner

1 As Good as It Gets, Muriel's Wedding, The Blues Brothers, A Bug's Life, Pulp Fiction, Big, and Jaws are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rene Russo movie.	In the Line of Fire
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, assassin, Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich, Assassination, secret service, Wolfgang Petersen, eastwood, Rene Russo
3 I prefer Ron Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ransom

1 I love The Apostle, Manhattan, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Ran, The Godfather, The Shining, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	8 Women
2 Who is that directed by?	François Ozon
3 I prefer David Swift movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying

1 The Big Chill, Dog Day Afternoon, Pulp Fiction, Lone Star, The Dark Knight, The Great Escape, and Blazing Saddles are films I loved. I'm looking for a Marlon Brando movie.	On the Waterfront
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Corruption, Marlon Brando, best picture, Elia Kazan, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb
3 I rate Jack Nicholson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Missouri Breaks

1 I loved Spaceballs, The Breakfast Club, Blade Runner, Kramer vs. Kramer, The Shining, Some Like It Hot, and L.A. Story. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Room with a View
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory
3 I prefer Thierno Faty Sow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Camp de Thiaroye

1 I watched the films Outbreak, Happy Gilmore, Braveheart, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dances with Wolves and loved them. I'm looking for a Phillip Noyce movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce

1 Forrest Gump, Mr. Holland's Opus, Father of the Bride Part II, Fargo, The Prophecy, The NeverEnding Story, and Cliffhanger are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, wedding, Vincente Minnelli, Spencer Tracy
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The More the Merrier

1 Iron Man, Office Space, Fight Club, Coming to America, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Pulp Fiction, and Crank are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Best Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Malcolm D. Lee
3 I like Vincent Ward movies more. Do you know anything else?	What Dreams May Come

1 I like The Graduate, The General, Citizen Kane, Airplane!, There's Something About Mary, Nosferatu, and Run Lola Run. I'm looking for a Robert Mitchum movie.	Cape Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, remade, Old, Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, J. Lee Thompson
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Ryan's Daughter

1 Casablanca, The Abyss, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Sin City, Unbreakable, L.A. Confidential, and Memento are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Superman
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, superhero, comic book, franchise, super-hero, Gene Hackman, superheroes, Marlon Brando, dc comics, comics, Superman, comic books, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Donner, Ned Beatty, Glenn Ford
3 I prefer shahrukh khan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Duplicate

1 Breaking the Waves, Mulholland Drive, Dolls, In the Name of the Father, The Truman Show, The Shining, and The Skin I Live In are films I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Rain Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I like Zack Snyder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Watchmen

1 Doctor Zhivago, Men in Black, The Mummy, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Das Boot, The Patriot, and El Dorado are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Buck and the Preacher
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Woman in Green

1 M, Diva, To Kill a Mockingbird, Rear Window, Yojimbo, The Piano, and The Graduate are films I really liked. I'm looking for a glam movie.	Velvet Goldmine
2 What else is that about?	glam rock, Todd Haynes, glam

1 Rear Window, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, Moonstruck, Rosemary's Baby, A Simple Plan, The Big Lebowski, and The Palm Beach Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Burnt by the Sun
2 Who does that star?	Nikita Mikhalkov
3 I prefer Joseph Fiennes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Enemy at the Gates

1 The Game, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, National Lampoon's Vacation, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, American Beauty, A Christmas Story, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meet the Parents
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Jay Roach, Teri Polo
3 I like Michael Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Mom

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Smoke, Heavenly Creatures, Trainspotting, Strawberry and Chocolate, The Crying Game, and Antonia's Line are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Underground
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, 3, Emir Kusturica, kusturica, yugoslavia
3 I rate holocaust movies. Any other suggestions?	Genocide

1 I love The Lion King, The Pianist, The Bourne Ultimatum, Bambi, Live Free or Die Hard, Die Hard, and Men in Black. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Argo
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Affleck
3 I rate Bob Rafelson movies. Any other suggestions?	Blood and Wine

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Ghost and the Darkness, The Count of Monte Cristo, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Big Fish, and Batman Begins are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I like Mike Johnson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Corpse Bride

1 I like The Prestige, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Scarface, Oldboy, A Bronx Tale, Ronin, and The Departed. I'm looking for a Jason Statham movie.	The Bank Job
2 What else is that about?	r, London, Jason Statham, robbery, Roger Donaldson
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Italian Job

1 I liked The Sting, Braveheart, The Blues Brothers, Back to the Future, Shakespeare in Love, A League of Their Own, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Play Misty for Me
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, directorial debut
3 I prefer alcatraz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Escape from Alcatraz

1 I love Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Office Space, The Matrix, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Boondock Saints, Young Frankenstein, and The Blues Brothers. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I rate Terry Gilliam movies. Any other suggestions?	The Brothers Grimm

1 I liked Evolution, Escape from New York, The Matrix, Predator, Moonraker, Cool Runnings, and Spider-Man. I'm looking for a McG movie.	Terminator Salvation
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Sam Worthington
3 I rate Bill Murray movies. Any other suggestions?	Charlie's Angels

1 I really liked Braveheart, Jaws, Alien, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, X-Men, The Rock, and Beverly Hills Cop. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wonder Boys
2 What else is that about?	Love, Michael Douglas, writing, Tobey Maguire, Frances McDormand, university, professor, Pittsburgh, Curtis Hanson
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Under the Yum Yum Tree

1 I loved The Wizard of Oz, Blazing Saddles, Evil Dead II, Akira, Labyrinth, RoboCop, and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Stuff
2 Who is that directed by?	Larry Cohen
3 I rate Michael Ritchie movies. Any other suggestions?	Student Bodies

1 The Long Kiss Goodnight, Life Is Beautiful, Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, A Bronx Tale, The Silence of the Lambs, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Patch Adams
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Shadyac
3 I prefer Janicza Bravo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gregory Go Boom

1 Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, Schindler's List, Reservoir Dogs, Raging Bull, The Shawshank Redemption, and Dances with Wolves are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jane Campion movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I like Barbara Hershey movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Portrait of a Lady

1 Casablanca, Pulp Fiction, Ran, Being John Malkovich, Seven Samurai, Blade Runner, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
2 What else is that about?	Action, Mel Gibson
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Rush Hour

1 Election, Life Is Beautiful, Jackie Brown, Chasing Amy, The Sound of Music, The Fugitive, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Clint Eastwood, Kevin Spacey, 1980s, John Cusack, book, Trial, reporter, Savannah, Georgia
3 I prefer Romance movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	10 Things I Hate About You

1 The Wild Bunch, Das Boot, Reservoir Dogs, Hoop Dreams, Trainspotting, Blade Runner, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Room with a View
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, italy, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I like Jude Law movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hugo

1 Murder, My Sweet, Some Like It Hot, Trees Lounge, Taxi Driver, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Bringing Up Baby, and Wild Reeds are movies I love. I'm looking for a Robert Wise movie.	The Body Snatcher
2 Who does that star?	Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi
3 I like Patricia Neal movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Day the Earth Stood Still

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Cast Away, Fight Club, Before Sunset, Fargo, Friday Night Lights, and Batman are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pay It Forward
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Kevin Spacey, Helen Hunt, Haley Joel Osment, Mimi Leder
3 I rate James Franco movies. Any other suggestions?	Annapolis

1 Synecdoche, New York, Pan's Labyrinth, The Wizard of Oz, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Green Mile, My Cousin Vinny, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	127 Hours
2 Who does that star?	James Franco
3 I like Bee Vang movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gran Torino

1 Apollo 13, Much Ado About Nothing, Crimson Tide, Dave, Babe, Independence Day, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	The Client
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon, John Grisham, Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Burt Lancaster movies. Any other suggestions?	Atlantic City

1 Cinema Paradiso, Fargo, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Apocalypse Now, The Princess Bride, The Jerk, and The Blues Brothers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Geena Davis movie.	A League of Their Own
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Tom Hanks, baseball, Madonna, Geena Davis, Rosie O'Donnell, Penny Marshall
3 I rate Jim Carrey movies. Any other suggestions?	Earth Girls Are Easy

1 Fargo, Flirting with Disaster, Clerks, Eraser, Braveheart, Strange Days, and True Lies are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mike Nichols movie.	Wolf
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Mike Nichols
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?

1 Minority Report, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Elf, About a Boy, Pleasantville, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Psycho are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Madonna movie.	A League of Their Own
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I prefer John Schlesinger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Next Best Thing

1 Uncle Buck and Austin Powers in Goldmember are films I liked. I'm looking for a Penelope Spheeris movie.	The Little Rascals
2 Who is that directed by?	Penelope Spheeris

1 She-Devil, Eyes Wide Shut, American Pie, Jurassic Park, The Deer Hunter, Good Morning, Vietnam, and Dog Day Afternoon are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Ulu Grosbard movie.	The Deep End of the Ocean
2 Who is that directed by?	Ulu Grosbard
3 I rate Dustin Hoffman movies. Any other suggestions?	Straight Time

1 I really liked The Birds, American Graffiti, True Lies, The Exorcist, Blade, Titanic, and We Were Soldiers. I'm looking for a New York movie.	Auntie Mame
2 Who is that directed by?	Morton DaCosta
3 I prefer Fenton Bailey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Party Monster

1 Clueless, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Evil Dead II, Scream 2, Out of the Past, The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, and Manhunter are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Lars von Trier movie.	The Element of Crime
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I rate Jørgen Leth movies. Any other suggestions?	The Five Obstructions

1 Kin-dza-dza!, Kindergarten Cop, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Back to the Future Part II, Shrek, Hero, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Solaris
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, cinematography, psychological, slow, meditative, Russian, memories, sf, Andrei Tarkovsky, space station, conscience, tarkovsky
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tora! Tora! Tora!

1 Cool Hand Luke, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, A Room with a View, Chariots of Fire, Yankee Doodle Dandy, Princess Mononoke, and 1776 are films I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Adventures of Robin Hood
2 What else is that about?	swashbuckler, Michael Curtiz, Robin Hood, Errol Flynn, William Keighley, Olivia de Havilland, Outlaw
3 I prefer animals movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Milo and Otis

1 I like The Big Lebowski, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Apocalypse Now, Psycho, Death and the Maiden, Toy Story, and Matewan. I'm looking for a fellini movie.	Amarcord
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Monsters, Inc., The Full Monty, Donnie Darko, Life Is Beautiful, Legends of the Fall, and Amélie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Talented Mr. Ripley
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Minghella
3 I like Bruce Beresford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Double Jeopardy

1 I watched the films Toy Story 2, Face/Off, Saving Private Ryan, The Fifth Element, Stand by Me, Traffic, and Dark City and loved them. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	Die Hard
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I like Edward Zwick movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Siege

1 I loved Fight Club, The 13th Warrior, Night of the Living Dead, The Patriot, The Silence of the Lambs, Shakespeare in Love, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Road Trip
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Road Trip, Todd Phillips
3 I rate business movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Apartment, Paths of Glory, Mean Streets, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Touch of Evil, and Goodfellas are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Our Hospitality
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Buster Keaton, silent
3 I like interracial marriage movies more. Do you know anything else?	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner

1 The Adventures of Robin Hood, The Princess Bride, Six Degrees of Separation, The Natural, Being John Malkovich, Das Boot, and The Unbearable Lightness of Being are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Rodney Dangerfield movie.	Caddyshack
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I prefer Bob Hoge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Godson

1 The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Rushmore, Network, Citizen Kane, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and Mary Poppins are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Louis Malle movie.	My Dinner with Andre
2 What else is that about?	Louis Malle
3 I prefer Burt Lancaster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Atlantic City

1 I love Romancing the Stone, The Princess Bride, Little Big Man, To Kill a Mockingbird, Thunderball, Spartacus, and The Killing Fields. I'm looking for a disaster movie.	The Poseidon Adventure
2 Who is that directed by?	Ronald Neame, Irwin Allen
3 I rate Wolfgang Petersen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Perfect Storm

1 Up in the Air, Hero, The Dark Knight, The Social Network, Memento, Lucky Number Slevin, and The Sixth Sense are films I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Searching for Sugar Man
2 What else is that about?	Music, Documentary, south africa, sixto rodriguez
3 I prefer John Wayne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Riders of Destiny

1 True Lies, Cliffhanger, Drop Zone, What's Love Got to Do with It, Crimson Tide, Tombstone, and Quiz Show are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	V for Vendetta

1 Toy Story and The Birdcage are films I really like. I'm looking for a James Caan movie.	The Godfather
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, r, Family, story, mafia, Al Pacino, national film registry, New York, Italian, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, best picture, James Caan, sicily, length, coppola
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Bridge Too Far

1 I loved The Matrix, The Fugitive, Saving Private Ryan, Total Recall, True Lies, The Exorcist, and In the Line of Fire. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I prefer the asylum movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Battle of Los Angeles

1 The Matrix, Cloud Atlas, Tampopo, The Dark Knight, Crank, Inception, and Barry Lyndon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Limitless
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Burger
3 I prefer Walter Grauman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lady in a Cage

1 Cheaper by the Dozen, Sleepy Hollow, Cinderella, Donnie Darko, Ice Age, The Fox and the Hound, and The Black Cauldron are films I love. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Death Note
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I like original movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Girl Who Leapt Through Time

1 Naked, Raging Bull, Smoke, Miller's Crossing, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Short Cuts, and Full Metal Jacket are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Paths of Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, Stanley Kubrick, world war i, court, Kirk Douglas
3 I prefer flag movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flags of Our Fathers

1 Rain Man, Bowling for Columbine, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Groundhog Day, Shrek 2, Catch Me If You Can, and Fantasia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I prefer Emily Watson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cold Souls

1 My Fair Lady, Clear and Present Danger, Sliding Doors, Jerry Maguire, Back to the Future, The Rock, and True Lies are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Copycat
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Sigourney Weaver
3 I like Hitchcock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Topaz

1 I loved The Firm, Sleepless in Seattle, The Client, Ben-Hur, The Sound of Music, Quiz Show, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole
3 I rate Clayton Rohner movies. Any other suggestions?	Coronado

1 Nineteen Eighty-Four, Back to the Future, Fantasia, The Maltese Falcon, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Cookie's Fortune are films I liked. I'm looking for a Brendan Fraser movie.	Gods and Monsters
2 Who is that directed by?	Bill Condon
3 I prefer Paul Haggis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crash

1 Taxi Driver, Swingers, Fight Club, Amélie, Run Lola Run, Boogie Nights, and Magnolia are films I like. I'm looking for a sexuality movie.	Y Tu Mamá También
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sexuality, Road Trip, sex, sexual, mexico, Spanish, mexican, Alfonso Cuarón, Diego Luna, Gael García Bernal
3 I prefer Paul Verhoeven movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Basic Instinct

1 Fahrenheit 9/11, The Corporation, Dirty Dancing, Shirley Valentine, Pretty Woman, Lost in Translation, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Constant Gardener
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Thriller, murder, r, british, dvd, Ralph Fiennes, Rachel Weisz, kenya, Fernando Meirelles
3 I like bullying movies more. Do you know anything else?	Odd Girl Out

1 A Christmas Story, Forrest Gump, Slumdog Millionaire, and American Beauty are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hugo
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, Martin Scorsese, Paris, Jude Law, 3d, 1930s, Sacha Baron Cohen, Ben Kingsley, direction, Asa Butterfield
3 I prefer Gossip movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gossip

1 City Lights, It Happened One Night, Pretty Woman, Moonstruck, Modern Times, The African Queen, and Sense and Sensibility are films I like. I'm looking for a Fred Astaire movie.	Funny Face
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Hepburn, Fred Astaire, Kay Thompson
3 I prefer Thelma Ritter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Daddy Long Legs

1 Moulin Rouge!, The Man from Snowy River, Jaws, Mary Poppins, The Wizard of Oz, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and The Unbearable Lightness of Being are movies I really like. I'm looking for a William Wyler movie.	Funny Girl
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Broadway, William Wyler, Barbra Streisand
3 I rate Howard Hawks movies. Any other suggestions?	Come and Get It

1 I love Reservoir Dogs, Annie Hall, Schindler's List, The Big Lebowski, North by Northwest, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, and Repo Man. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Party
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, classic, Peter Sellers, Blake Edwards, party
3 I like John Leguizamo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spun

1 The Last Temptation of Christ, At Close Range, A Walk in the Clouds, In the Company of Men, The Color Purple, Dressed to Kill, and The Truman Show are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Talk Radio
2 What else is that about?	Oliver Stone
3 I prefer Ira Sachs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love Is Strange

1 Delicatessen, The Player, Toy Story, There's Something About Mary, Shakespeare in Love, Deep Blue Sea, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mick Jackson movie.	L.A. Story
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin
3 I prefer Claire Danes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Temple Grandin

1 Delicatessen and Eat Drink Man Woman are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hollywood Shuffle
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Townsend
3 I prefer Santiago Segura movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Torrente, el brazo tonto de la ley

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Leaving Las Vegas, Out of Sight, Jurassic Park, Blade, Hard Boiled, and The Birdcage are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, War, national film registry, Epic, vietnam war, vietnam, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Joseph Conrad, heart of darkness
3 I prefer Bernardo Bertolucci movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Conformist

1 Misery, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Matrix, Superman II, The Towering Inferno, The Poseidon Adventure, and Psycho II are films I love. I'm looking for a Godzilla movie.	Godzilla
2 What else is that about?	japan, kaiju, Godzilla, toho, Takashi Shimura, nuclear, Akihiko Hirata, Akira Takarada
3 I prefer Mothra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster

1 I like Sneakers, The Breakfast Club, Elizabeth, The Shawshank Redemption, Corrina, Corrina, The NeverEnding Story, and Lethal Weapon 3. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Driving Miss Daisy
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Jessica Tandy
3 I rate Olga Kurylenko movies. Any other suggestions?	The Water Diviner

1 I like Diva, Raise the Red Lantern, My Left Foot, L.A. Confidential, Goodfellas, Croupier, and Breakfast at Tiffany's. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Five Easy Pieces
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Karen Black
3 I rate Reese Witherspoon movies. Any other suggestions?	A Far Off Place

1 Goodfellas, Frankenstein, Limelight, Rosemary's Baby, Meet John Doe, Hard Boiled, and High Noon are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The 'Burbs
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I prefer Álex de la Iglesia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Day of the Beast

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Leaving Las Vegas, On Golden Pond, Stand by Me, The Crying Game, Full Metal Jacket, and Beautiful Thing are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Beethoven movie.	Immortal Beloved
2 What else is that about?	r, Gary Oldman, Beethoven
3 I prefer controversial movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Clockwork Orange

1 A Fistful of Dollars, Little Big Man, On the Waterfront, Gladiator, and Caddyshack are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Casablanca
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid
3 I prefer Orson Welles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Black Rose

1 I really liked Fargo, Army of Darkness, I Am Legend, Fight Club, Burn After Reading, American Beauty, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. I'm looking for a Bruce Campbell movie.	Evil Dead II
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi
3 I like b-movie movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Name Is Bruce

1 Dead Man Walking, The Usual Suspects, Casino, Courage Under Fire, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Hank Azaria movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I like John Lithgow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Homegrown

1 I love My Cousin Vinny, Vertigo, Singin' in the Rain, His Girl Friday, Ghostbusters, The Sound of Music, and MASH. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Anastasia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Ingrid Bergman, Yul Brynner, Anatole Litvak, Helen Hayes
3 I prefer War movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lawrence of Arabia

1 The Matrix, Braveheart, The Godfather, Saving Private Ryan, Jurassic Park, Titanic, and Forrest Gump are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Killer
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I rate Paul Greengrass movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 Three Kings, Fight Club, Citizen Kane, Reservoir Dogs, The Iron Giant, Bringing Out the Dead, and Fargo are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Stanley Tucci, Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Tony Shalhoub, Campbell Scott
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Oscar

1 The Maltese Falcon, Cold Comfort Farm, The Wrong Trousers, Apocalypse Now, A Close Shave, Fargo, and Casablanca are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Best Years of Our Lives
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, best picture, William Wyler, Myrna Loy, veterans, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Coming Home, Teresa Wright
3 I like Werner Herzog movies more. Do you know anything else?	Even Dwarfs Started Small

1 I loved The Rock, The Sixth Sense, The Fugitive, Happy Gilmore, Chasing Amy, Forrest Gump, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waking the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Drama
3 I prefer anime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Letter to Momo

1 I watched the films Billy Madison, Stargate, Mallrats, Memento, Fantasia, Clerks, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for a War movie.	Red Dawn
2 Who does that star?	Chris Hemsworth, Josh Hutcherson, Adrianne Palicki, Josh Peck
3 I rate Tobey Maguire movies. Any other suggestions?	Ride with the Devil

1 The Count of Monte Cristo, The Princess Bride, School of Rock, Spider-Man, American Pie, Ghostbusters, and Contact are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, John Hughes, Chicago, Matthew Broderick, breaks the fourth wall
3 I like Ken Russell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Boy Friend

1 I really liked Smoke, Gods and Monsters, Midnight Express, Papillon, As Good as It Gets, Cinema Paradiso, and The Remains of the Day. I'm looking for a Hugh Grant movie.	Maurice
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory
3 I like Mike Newell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Four Weddings and a Funeral

1 American Beauty, The Graduate, Beverly Hills Cop, Goodfellas, Scent of a Woman, Cocoon, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I prefer kung fu movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Circle of Iron

1 I really liked Fargo, Pretty Woman, Persuasion, Toy Story, Fight Club, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, and The Piano. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Killing Fields
2 Who does that star?	John Malkovich, Julian Sands, Sam Waterston, Haing S. Ngor
3 I prefer Jürgen Prochnow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Das Boot

1 I really like Dial M for Murder, The Terminator, Good Will Hunting, Amélie, Death to Smoochy, Back to the Future, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mermaids
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Benjamin
3 I like Jon Favreau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chef

1 The Sting, Get Shorty, Philadelphia, Rear Window, Casablanca, The Godfather, and Die Hard are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Charlton Heston movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	original, science fiction, national film registry, script, Charlton Heston, Franklin J. Schaffner, Rod Serling
3 I like William Wyler movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ben-Hur

1 The Name of the Rose, Minority Report, Taken, Little Big Man, Gandhi, Revenge of the Pink Panther, and The Day of the Jackal are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a l.a. movie.	Cellular
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Jason Statham, Chris Evans, phone, l.a.
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	In a Lonely Place

1 I like Dead Man Walking, The Usual Suspects, Rear Window, Singin' in the Rain, The African Queen, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Sting. I'm looking for a Charlie Sheen movie.	The Arrival
2 Who is that directed by?	David Twohy
3 I like Deran Sarafian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Terminal Velocity

1 American Beauty, Juno, Hoosiers, Dazed and Confused, Pulp Fiction, The Godfather, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Last Waltz
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Karel Reisz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sweet Dreams

1 I loved Saving Private Ryan and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Michael Palin movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I rate Robert Young movies. Any other suggestions?	Fierce Creatures

1 The Man Who Knew Too Little, The Matrix, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Big Eden, My Dinner with Andre, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and The Replacement Killers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I prefer Ted Kotcheff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Weekend at Bernie's

1 I like The Sixth Sense, There's Something About Mary, Cast Away, Blazing Saddles, The Player, The Others, and Awakenings. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	The Dancer Upstairs
2 Who is that directed by?	John Malkovich
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Changeling

1 I loved Body Snatchers, Powder, I.Q., Murder in the First, Mrs. Doubtfire, While You Were Sleeping, and Son in Law. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I like Arabian Nights movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arabian Nights

1 I loved Sixteen Candles, White Christmas, Lethal Weapon, The King and I, My Fair Lady, The Breakfast Club, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I like Juliette Lewis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kalifornia

1 The Bone Collector, American Beauty, Gladiator, 28 Days, Brokedown Palace, Boiler Room, and Runaway Bride are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	What Lies Beneath
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Harrison Ford, supernatural, Robert Zemeckis
3 I like slasher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sleepaway Camp

1 What Women Want, Apollo 13, The Parent Trap, Legally Blonde, Save the Last Dance, Groundhog Day, and Man on the Moon are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	House Arrest
2 Who is that directed by?	Harry Winer
3 I like Jonathan Lynn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wild Target

1 Shrek, The Usual Suspects, Casablanca, Traffic, The Boondock Saints, The Godfather, and A Clockwork Orange are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Marlon Brando, Tennessee Williams, stage, Elia Kazan, Vivien Leigh, Karl Malden
3 I like Vince Vaughn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Delivery Man

1 Murder in the First, American History X, Good Morning, Vietnam, Contact, Kingpin, Almost Famous, and The Killing Fields are films I loved. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	The Horse Whisperer
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, horses
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid

1 The Fifth Element, Beauty and the Beast, Groundhog Day, Scrooged, The Rock, The Hunt for Red October, and The Princess Bride are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ladyhawke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Matthew Broderick, Michelle Pfeiffer, Rutger Hauer, Richard Donner
3 I prefer inspirational movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's a Wonderful Life

1 The Princess Bride, The Breakfast Club, American Beauty, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Yojimbo, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Tatsuya Nakadai movie.	High and Low
2 What else is that about?	Police, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa, Tatsuya Nakadai, Ransom
3 I prefer Kihachi Okamoto movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kill!

1 Memento, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, Go, Shakespeare in Love, The Producers, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I like propaganda movies more. Do you know anything else?	War Comes to America

1 Stand by Me, Saving Grace, Moonstruck, Chicago, The Sound of Music, The Interpreter, and Shallow Grave are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Torch Song Trilogy
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Bogart
3 I like Vishal Bhardwaj movies more. Do you know anything else?	Haider

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Metropolitan, The Piano, The Crucible, Quiz Show, Antonia's Line, and Independence Day are films I love. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Double Happiness
2 Who does that star?	Sandra Oh

1 The Blues Brothers, Gran Torino, Run Lola Run, The Bourne Identity, Primal Fear, The Intouchables, and Thor are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ip Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, martial arts, Donnie Yen, Wing Chun, Wilson Yip, Ip Man
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	An American Hippie in Israel

1 The Scarlet and the Black, Freedom Writers, Little Women, Amazing Grace, and Nicholas Nickleby are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Because of Winn-Dixie
2 Who is that directed by?	Wayne Wang
3 I rate Stephen Low movies. Any other suggestions?	Across the Sea of Time

1 Duck Soup, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Taxi Driver, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Casablanca, The Palm Beach Story, and Wings of Desire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Lady Eve
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, screwball comedy, screwball, Henry Fonda, Barbara Stanwyck, Preston Sturges
3 I rate thanksgiving movies. Any other suggestions?	Alice's Restaurant

1 Stand by Me, Clerks, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Royal Tenenbaums, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Dracula, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 What else is that about?	criterion, original, national film registry, death, dark humor, Hal Ashby, Ruth Gordon, Bud Cort, existentialist
3 I rate Adam Sandler movies. Any other suggestions?	Punch-Drunk Love

1 I watched the films The Godfather, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Fight Club, Cast Away, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, American Beauty, and American Pie and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I rate Alfred Hitchcock movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wrong Man

1 Dr. No, The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile, Die Hard, Saving Private Ryan, Fight Club, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Wesley Snipes movie.	The Art of War
2 What else is that about?	Wesley Snipes
3 I like marvel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blade II

1 I really liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, Army of Darkness, Leaving Las Vegas, The Matrix, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Edge
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins, Lee Tamahori
3 I prefer Campbell Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Night

1 Ice Age, L.A. Confidential, Alien, Lifeboat, The 39 Steps, The Thing from Another World, and Cemetery Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a gory movie.	The Evil Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cult film, own, Demons, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Possession, gory

1 Shadowlands, American Beauty, A Beautiful Mind, Babe, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Life Is Beautiful, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I rate Ben Falcone movies. Any other suggestions?	Tammy

1 Psycho, Seven Samurai, Bread and Chocolate, Easy Rider, Hero, The Tin Drum, and Bicycle Thieves are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Time of the Gypsies
2 What else is that about?	Gypsy, Emir Kusturica, kusturica, yugoslavia
3 I rate gong li movies. Any other suggestions?	Miami Vice

1 Keeping the Faith, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Courage Under Fire, X-Men, Stand by Me, Jerry Maguire, and Patriot Games are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Hoffman movie.	One Fine Day
2 What else is that about?	George Clooney, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Hoffman
3 I prefer Helen Mirren movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Station

1 Ben-Hur, Schindler's List, It's a Wonderful Life, Sleepless in Seattle, The Wizard of Oz, Mary Poppins, and The Lion King are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Renée Zellweger
3 I like Harvey Keitel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Lieutenant

1 Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, The Rock, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Much Ado About Nothing, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Kim Basinger movie.	Batman
2 What else is that about?	Action, dark, superhero, Revenge, Crime, comic book, Tim Burton, Jack Nicholson, Batman, super-hero, dc comics, get, Michael Keaton, goth, dc, Kim Basinger, Joker, serious
3 I like Curtis Hanson movies more. Do you know anything else?	8 Mile

1 A Time to Kill, Forrest Gump, Clear and Present Danger, Quiz Show, The Firm, The Mask, and Batman Forever are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Santa Clause
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, christmas, Tim Allen, Santa Claus, John Pasquin
3 I rate Lewis Teague movies. Any other suggestions?	The Jewel of the Nile

1 Independence Day, Phenomenon, Mr. Holland's Opus, Romeo + Juliet, The Fifth Element, and Scream are films I loved. I'm looking for a Shane Black movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 Who is that directed by?	Renny Harlin
3 I prefer Shane Black movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Iron Man 3

1 12 Angry Men, The Hangover, Forrest Gump, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Iron Man, and Die Hard are movies I like. I'm looking for a dark movie.	The Dark Knight
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I like Francis Ford Coppola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apocalypse Now

1 A Close Shave, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Some Like It Hot, A Grand Day Out, A Christmas Carol, The African Queen, and The Philadelphia Story are films I like. I'm looking for a Nicolas Roeg movie.	Don't Look Now
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicolas Roeg
3 I prefer Donald Cammell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Performance

1 Buffalo '66, Rushmore, Dawn of the Dead, Sin City, Donnie Darko, Freeway, and Subway are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bad Boy Bubby
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, incest, Rolf de Heer
3 I prefer Christopher Guest movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Best in Show

1 Night of the Living Dead, Once Upon a Time in the West, Affliction, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Croupier, and Crimes and Misdemeanors are films I really like. I'm looking for a drugs movie.	Easy Rider
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, drugs, library, marijuana, road movie, Dennis Hopper, united states, Peter Fonda, counterculture
3 I like Harmony Korine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spring Breakers

1 Cruel Intentions, It's a Wonderful Life, North Dallas Forty, Bicentennial Man, The Family Man, Parenthood, and An Officer and a Gentleman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a baltimore movie.	Diner
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson, baltimore
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hairspray

1 I liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, In the Heat of the Night, Forrest Gump, The Straight Story, Papillon, The Godfather, and The Great Escape. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Hustler
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Paul Newman, George C. Scott, pool, Piper Laurie, Robert Rossen
3 I prefer Demi Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Striptease

1 Casino, About a Boy, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Breakfast Club, Glengarry Glen Ross, Amélie, and Titanic are movies I liked. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I prefer dc movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Batman Begins

1 Glengarry Glen Ross, A Few Good Men, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Good Will Hunting, As Good as It Gets, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Moulin Rouge! are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chicago
2 What else is that about?	Music, murder, Musical, jazz, Richard Gere, Chicago, John C. Reilly, Queen Latifah, Rob Marshall
3 I like stupid movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ernest Scared Stupid

1 I liked Moulin Rouge!, Before Sunset, Ghost World, It's a Wonderful Life, Lost in Translation, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hotel Rwanda
2 Who does that star?	Don Cheadle
3 I like Clark Gable movies more. Do you know anything else?	Manhattan Melodrama

1 Metropolis, The Maltese Falcon, North by Northwest, The Remains of the Day, The Crying Game, Run Lola Run, and Summer of Sam are movies I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Microcosmos
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Nuridsany, Marie Pérennou
3 I prefer James Hanlon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	9/11

1 I really liked Stigmata, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Sleepers, Pulp Fiction, Joe's Apartment, A Christmas Story, and Akira. I'm looking for a muppets movie.	The Great Muppet Caper
2 What else is that about?	muppets, Jim Henson
3 I like new york city movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppets Take Manhattan

1 Braveheart, The Lion King, Romeo + Juliet, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Independence Day, The Rock, and Twister are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Ransom
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate David Slade movies. Any other suggestions?	Hard Candy

1 Die Hard, Primal Fear, You Only Live Twice, The Spy Who Loved Me, Pinocchio, Where Eagles Dare, and Blazing Saddles are films I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
2 Who does that star?	Buster Keaton, Zero Mostel, Michael Crawford, Phil Silvers
3 I rate Bing Crosby movies. Any other suggestions?	Here Comes the Groom

1 I really like Flirting with Disaster, Good Will Hunting, The Ice Storm, M, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Wild Bunch, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a remake movie.	My Man Godfrey
2 What else is that about?	remake, Henry Koster
3 I prefer nurse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Not of This Earth

1 I really like Once Upon a Time in America, Mulholland Drive, Taxi Driver, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Raging Bull, The Godfather, and Sin City. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Persona
2 Who does that star?	Liv Ullmann, Bibi Andersson
3 I prefer Estelle Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Street Scene

1 I watched the films The Gods Must Be Crazy, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Waiting for Guffman, Memento, Saving Private Ryan, Glengarry Glen Ross, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for a kung fu movie.	Kung Fu Hustle
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, martial arts, kung fu, china, soccer, hong kong, Stephen Chow
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Karate Kid

1 Natural Born Killers, Quiz Show, The Lion King, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, Babe, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Get Shorty
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Lindsay Anderson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Britannia Hospital

1 Taxi Driver, Cinderella, To Catch a Thief, The Manchurian Candidate, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Double Indemnity, and The Big Sleep are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Ben Kingsley movie.	Sexy Beast
2 What else is that about?	Ben Kingsley, Jonathan Glazer
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Transsiberian

1 Clear and Present Danger, Pleasantville, Ben-Hur, Cruel Intentions, True Lies, Peter Pan, and 10 Things I Hate About You are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rudy
2 What else is that about?	sports, football, Sean Astin, David Anspaugh
3 I prefer Elizabeth Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	National Velvet

1 The Spanish Prisoner, The Sting, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, The Grifters, and The Godfather are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sergio Leone movie.	Once Upon a Time in America
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone

1 I really liked Groundhog Day, Fight Club, Reservoir Dogs, The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, Memento, and Wag the Dog. I'm looking for a no dialogue movie.	Powaqqatsi
2 What else is that about?	no dialogue, trilogy, G, Godfrey Reggio

1 I really like Airplane!, Stop Making Sense, Seven Samurai, Chinatown, North by Northwest, Fargo, and Titanic. I'm looking for a Dan Aykroyd movie.	Trading Places
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Eddie Murphy, Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, John Landis, Class, Don Ameche, Trading Places, Denholm Elliott
3 I like David Strathairn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sneakers

1 L.A. Confidential, Much Ado About Nothing, Shakespeare in Love, Singin' in the Rain, Sliding Doors, West Side Story, and Dogma are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Baz Luhrmann, red curtain trilogy
3 I like surreal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Calamari Union

1 I watched the films The Fugitive, Around the World in Eighty Days, Jerry Maguire, The Adventures of Pinocchio, Aladdin, Dances with Wolves, and The Lion King and loved them. I'm looking for a Mike Newell movie.	Enchanted April
2 What else is that about?	Mike Newell
3 I like fbi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Donnie Brasco

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Raging Bull, Taxi Driver, A Clockwork Orange, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I rate Irvine Welsh movies. Any other suggestions?	Filth

1 Die Hard, Lethal Weapon 2, The Wizard of Oz, The Blues Brothers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, True Lies, and Cabaret are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Towering Inferno
2 Who does that star?	Paul Newman, Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Steve McQueen
3 I prefer William Hurt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Yellow Handkerchief

1 Black Hawk Down, Galaxy Quest, A Close Shave, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Natural Born Killers, The Terminator, and The Grifters are films I really like. I'm looking for a private detective movie.	Charlie's Angels
2 What else is that about?	dvd, Bill Murray, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, private detective, Lucy Liu, McG
3 I rate philip marlowe movies. Any other suggestions?	Farewell, My Lovely

1 I liked The Sixth Sense, Grosse Pointe Blank, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Santa Sangre, Triumph of the Will, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Psycho Beach Party. I'm looking for a James Stewart movie.	The Flight of the Phoenix
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Richard Attenborough, Hardy Krüger, Peter Finch
3 I like Joseph Schildkraut movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shop Around the Corner

1 I loved Arsenic and Old Lace, The Aviator, West Side Story, Das Boot, Hotel Rwanda, Walk the Line, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Town Called Panic
2 Who is that directed by?	Stéphane Aubier, Vincent Patar
3 I like John Stevenson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kung Fu Panda

1 Phenomenon, The Nutty Professor, Fargo, Mr. Holland's Opus, Outbreak, Something to Talk About, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I really like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Family, 70mm, library, national film registry, children, Julie Andrews, best picture, Christopher Plummer, austria, Robert Wise
3 I rate violence movies. Any other suggestions?	Road to Perdition

1 The Sixth Sense, The People vs. Larry Flynt, The Spy Who Loved Me, Mallrats, Caddyshack, The Wedding Singer, and Hellraiser are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I rate Robert De Niro movies. Any other suggestions?	Showtime

1 I watched the films Sabrina, Anna and the King, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, 12 Angry Men, Roman Holiday, The Lives of Others, and Forrest Gump and loved them. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	Memoirs of a Geisha
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Marshall
3 I rate Takashi Yamazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Returner

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, M, Safe, Blade Runner, Time Bandits, Heathers, and Repo Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Verdict
2 What else is that about?	courtroom, courtroom drama, Paul Newman, David Mamet, Sidney Lumet, court, lawyer, James Mason
3 I like Dabney Coleman movies more. Do you know anything else?	On Golden Pond

1 Beauty and the Beast, Independence Day, Aladdin, Forrest Gump, Stargate, GoldenEye, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I prefer Natalie Portman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium

1 The Lion King, Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, My Neighbor Totoro, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Inception
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, cinematography, ensemble cast, original, Leonardo DiCaprio, Heist, science fiction, Michael Caine, script, Christopher Nolan, Ellen Page, tokyo, Cillian Murphy, Marion Cotillard, editing, Tom Hardy, score, Ken Watanabe, dream, screenplay, Tom Berenger, lucid dreaming, subconscious, nolan, Dileep Rao
3 I rate James Cameron movies. Any other suggestions?	Strange Days

1 I love The Great Escape, The Fugitive, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pulp Fiction, Gladiator, Being John Malkovich, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Magnificent Seven
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remake, library, Western, mexico, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner, James Coburn, John Sturges, Eli Wallach, Robert Vaughn
3 I rate Steve Martin movies. Any other suggestions?	¡Three Amigos!

1 Wild at Heart, Eyes Wide Shut, The Virgin Spring, Juliet of the Spirits, Malcolm X, Touch of Evil, and Dazed and Confused are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Circle
2 Who does that star?	Stefan Witschi, Matthias Hungerbühler
3 I prefer Woody Harrelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grass

1 I really like The Thing, Face/Off, Good Will Hunting, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Gladiator, North by Northwest, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a snake plissken movie.	Escape from New York
2 Who does that star?	Kurt Russell
3 I like Steve Buscemi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Escape from L.A.

1 Traffic, Dead Man Walking, Erin Brockovich, The Joy Luck Club, American Beauty, Malcolm X, and Run Lola Run are films I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Cruel Intentions
2 What else is that about?	High School, r, Reese Witherspoon, get, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Selma Blair
3 I like own movies more. Do you know anything else?	Die Hard

1 Annie Hall, The Wrong Trousers, Apocalypse Now, The Killing Fields, Shall We Dance?, A Clockwork Orange, and Raging Bull are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lean
3 I like Ralph Nelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Soldier in the Rain

1 Schindler's List, Chicago, The Three Musketeers, Casino Royale, Identity, The Lion King, and Free Willy are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pay It Forward
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Kevin Spacey, Helen Hunt, Haley Joel Osment, Mimi Leder
3 I prefer Seth Rogen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knocked Up

1 I loved Feast, The Hills Have Eyes, and Bubba Ho-Tep. I'm looking for a british movie.	Dog Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Marshall
3 I rate Saul Dibb movies. Any other suggestions?	The Duchess

1 I really like Ben-Hur, Men in Black, First Knight, Red Dawn, Top Gun, Dances with Wolves, and The Lord of the Rings. I'm looking for an Andrew Davis movie.	Chain Reaction
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Keanu Reeves, Andrew Davis
3 I rate murder movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fugitive

1 Snow Falling on Cedars, Traffic, All About My Mother, High Fidelity, Fargo, and Erin Brockovich are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Suddenly, Last Summer
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Tennessee Williams, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Elizabeth Taylor
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ghost Ship

1 Fargo, Apollo 13, A Christmas Story, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Ghostbusters, Blade Runner, and Ghost in the Shell are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.	Red Sonja
2 What else is that about?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Richard Fleischer
3 I like Andrew Davis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Collateral Damage

1 Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Dances with Wolves, The Rock, GoldenEye, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I like Richard Donner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Maverick

1 Metropolis, The Graduate, Fantasia, Raising Arizona, Annie Hall, The Third Man, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I love. I'm looking for a toshiro mifune movie.	Yojimbo
2 What else is that about?	japan, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I prefer Princess movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hidden Fortress

1 Avatar, The Truman Show, Little Miss Sunshine, V for Vendetta, Spirited Away, Memento, and The Green Mile are movies I like. I'm looking for an Andrew Garfield movie.	The Amazing Spider-Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Marc Webb
3 I like Terry Gilliam movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus

1 Front of the Class, Breakfast with Scot, The Out-of-Towners, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sweet Home Alabama, A Family Thing, and Miracle on 34th Street are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Big Business
2 What else is that about?	Twins, Bette Midler
3 I like Aamir Khan movies more. Do you know anything else?	PK

1 I really like The Triplets of Belleville, Into the Woods, Casablanca, Let the Right One In, Harold and Maude, The Usual Suspects, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a military movie.	The Invisible War
2 What else is that about?	military, Kirby Dick
3 I like Hulk movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Incredible Hulk

1 The Usual Suspects, Airplane!, Serenity, Raiders of the Lost Ark, V for Vendetta, Blazing Saddles, and Back to the Future are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Real Genius
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Gabriel Jarret
3 I like Annie Potts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Who's Harry Crumb?

1 I watched the films True Romance, Schindler's List, Little Women, Clerks, The Silence of the Lambs, Clueless, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert and loved them. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I prefer Alberto Lattuada movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Overcoat

1 Swiss Family Robinson, Brazil, Pinocchio, The Terminator, George of the Jungle, Casablanca, and Rear Window are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Basil Rathbone movie.	Captain Blood
2 Who does that star?	Basil Rathbone, Olivia de Havilland, Errol Flynn
3 I rate Nigel Bruce movies. Any other suggestions?	Sherlock Holmes in Washington

1 Lethal Weapon, Strictly Ballroom, Being John Malkovich, Schindler's List, Sling Blade, L.A. Story, and Ran are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cider House Rules
2 Who is that directed by?	Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer Stacie Passon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Concussion

1 I watched the films Monty Python and the Holy Grail, While You Were Sleeping, Witness, The Saint, Sleepless in Seattle, Good Will Hunting, and Leaving Las Vegas and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, spielberg, india, indiana jones, River Phoenix, Lucas, holy grail, indiana, Denholm Elliott
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	From Paris with Love

1 I watched the films The Hunt for Red October, Shrek, Monsters, Inc., Elizabeth, The Terminator, The Green Mile, and The Sting and loved them. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Meet Joe Black
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I like Terry Gilliam movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus

1 I really liked Shadowlands, House of Sand and Fog, Moonstruck, Run Lola Run, Tank Girl, Dogma, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harvey
2 Who is that directed by?	George Schaefer
3 I prefer Henry Winkler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Smoky Mountain Christmas

1 Identity, Memento, Airplane!, Frailty, Ocean's Eleven, Crash, and The Bourne Identity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Saw
2 Who is that directed by?	James Wan
3 I prefer Ti West movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The House of the Devil

1 I love Braveheart, Ocean's Eleven, Gladiator, The Hunt for Red October, The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I prefer espionage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cars 2

1 Days of Wine and Roses, The Red Violin, The Remains of the Day, Jean de Florette, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Emma, and Little Voice are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Driving Miss Daisy
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Beresford
3 I like Lowell Sherman movies more. Do you know anything else?	She Done Him Wrong

1 I loved Jaws, Kingpin, American History X, The Morning After, The Bank Dick, The Minus Man, and The Crying Game. I'm looking for a Bruce Beresford movie.	Breaker Morant
2 Who does that star?	Jack Thompson, Bryan Brown, Edward Woodward
3 I like Betty Buckley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tender Mercies

1 Goodfellas, Phenomenon, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, The Remains of the Day, Tombstone, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Taxi Driver are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone

1 I really like Toy Story, Spirited Away, Inception, The Incredibles, Titanic, True Grit, and Up. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	True Grit
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, coen brothers, Matt Damon, Western, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld, Barry Pepper
3 I prefer John Turturro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Miller's Crossing

1 American Beauty, Saving Private Ryan, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Taxi Driver, The Natural, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Maltese Falcon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What Dreams May Come
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, Richard Matheson, matheson, Heaven, Vincent Ward
3 I rate Election movies. Any other suggestions?	Game Change

1 Short Cuts, Gladiator, Strangers on a Train, Fight Club, Blazing Saddles, On the Waterfront, and Good Will Hunting are films I love. I'm looking for a History movie.	Spartacus
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I prefer Dylan Mohan Gray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fire in the Blood

1 The Lion King, The Fugitive, The Secret Garden, The Hurricane, Die Hard 2, The Little Rascals, and The Prince of Egypt are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Bone Collector
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Denzel Washington, Angelina Jolie, detective, Phillip Noyce
3 I like france movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rififi

1 Life Is Beautiful, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Waiting for Guffman, and Once are films I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Bella
2 Who does that star?	Tammy Blanchard

1 I watched the films Schindler's List, The Fugitive, The Crow, When a Man Loves a Woman, Dolores Claiborne, The Age of Innocence, and Apollo 13 and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Only You
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Destiny, Bonnie Hunt
3 I rate football movies. Any other suggestions?	The Longest Yard

1 Big, Casablanca, When Harry Met Sally..., Forrest Gump, Gone with the Wind, Auntie Mame, and Ghostbusters are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Working Girl
2 What else is that about?	Harrison Ford, Sigourney Weaver
3 I rate Happy movies. Any other suggestions?	Happy-Go-Lucky

1 Taxi Driver, The Terminator, The Wrong Trousers, Barry Lyndon, Dark City, Delicatessen, and Alien are films I like. I'm looking for a Beethoven movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 Who does that star?	Malcolm McDowell
3 I prefer Jeroen Krabbé movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Immortal Beloved

1 Raising Arizona, Run Lola Run, The Seven Year Itch, East Is East, A Christmas Story, The Witches, and Beetlejuice are films I loved. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	The Wedding Banquet
2 Who does that star?	Sihung Lung, Winston Chao, May Chin
3 I prefer Jason Biggs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Over Her Dead Body

1 Enemy at the Gates, Lord of War, Blood Diamond, Despicable Me, Shutter Island, The Pursuit of Happyness, and V for Vendetta are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Sucker Punch
2 What else is that about?	story, Zack Snyder, Jena Malone, Abbie Cornish, Emily Browning, lobotomy
3 I like Russian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Day Watch

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Hamlet, Jean de Florette, The Godfather, Dead Man Walking, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and North by Northwest are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Room with a View
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, italy, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I prefer christian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Courageous

1 The Rock, Primal Fear, The Substitute, The American President, True Lies, Home Alone, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried
3 I like Paul Robeson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Fella

1 Drop Zone, The Fugitive, I.Q., The Net, The American President, The Firm, and Clear and Present Danger are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I prefer Manoel de Oliveira movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Voyage to the Beginning of the World

1 Citizen Kane, The Sea Inside, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Ice Age, Independence Day, The Butterfly Effect, and Donnie Darko are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Terminal
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Alfred E. Green movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dark Horse

1 About a Boy, Army of Darkness, American Beauty, The Shawshank Redemption, 300, Shoot 'Em Up, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I rate Music movies. Any other suggestions?	Punch-Drunk Love

1 Little Miss Sunshine, V for Vendetta, The Rainmaker, Shortbus, Dog Day Afternoon, American History X, and Get Real are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lorenzo's Oil
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller
3 I like Christopher Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Death

1 Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, The Sixth Sense, Big, Reservoir Dogs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Usual Suspects, and Stand by Me are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Android movie.	Blade Runner
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, cult film, r, Police, future, Harrison Ford, library, national film registry, Philip K. Dick, los angeles, Ridley Scott, androids, noir, visual, 2, Rutger Hauer, dystopian, Edward James Olmos, director's cut, Sean Young, Android
3 I prefer Jude Law movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A.I. Artificial Intelligence

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, Maverick, Dave, The War, Tommy Boy, Clerks, and Major Payne. I'm looking for a John Singleton movie.	Poetic Justice
2 What else is that about?	John Singleton
3 I like remake movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shaft

1 Apollo 13, Beauty and the Beast, The Fugitive, Independence Day, Schindler's List, Philadelphia, and The Lion King are movies I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Magic, Musical, soundtrack, Robin Williams, own, animated, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, Aladdin
3 I prefer dreamworks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Turbo

1 I liked Reservoir Dogs, Witness, Predator, Wolf, X-Men, True Romance, and Deep Blue Sea. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Judgment Night
2 What else is that about?	Stephen Hopkins
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Predator

1 Election, Buffalo '66, Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!, The Usual Suspects, Down by Law, Roman Holiday, and Goldfinger are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gene Wilder movie.	The Producers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, remade, Mel Brooks, Broadway, Gene Wilder
3 I prefer Kelly LeBrock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Woman in Red

1 American Graffiti, When Harry Met Sally..., Leaving Las Vegas, Field of Dreams, Stand by Me, The Graduate, and Maverick are movies I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Shane
2 Who is that directed by?	George Stevens
3 I like Marlon Brando movies more. Do you know anything else?	One-Eyed Jacks

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Princess Bride, A Christmas Story, There's Something About Mary, Jerry Maguire, Cast Away, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Threesome

1 The Wrong Trousers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future, The Incredibles, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Iron Man, and The Princess Bride are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
2 Who is that directed by?	David Yates
3 I like Bill Roberts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pinocchio

1 I liked Bonnie and Clyde, The Big Sleep, Nashville, The Magnificent Seven, Buena Vista Social Club, Witness for the Prosecution, and Manhattan. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Servant
2 Who is that directed by?	Joseph Losey
3 I prefer André Téchiné movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Favorite Season

1 Space Jam, Feeling Minnesota, House Arrest, Dante's Peak, Diabolique, That Darn Cat, and Sgt. Bilko are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	101 Dalmatians
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, disney, Jeff Daniels, Glenn Close, Stephen Herek
3 I rate studio ghibli movies. Any other suggestions?	My Neighbors the Yamadas

1 Being John Malkovich, The Secret of Roan Inish, Apollo 13, The Commitments, Taxi Driver, Boogie Nights, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Repo Man
2 What else is that about?	cult film, los angeles, Emilio Estevez, Alex Cox
3 I prefer Sean Penn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	State of Grace

1 I love The Wizard of Oz, Witness, The Usual Suspects, Toy Story, Fargo, True Lies, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Winona Ryder movie.	Edward Scissorhands
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Johnny Depp, Family, Tim Burton, Winona Ryder, dark fantasy, Vincent Price, hugo award, Dianne Wiest, burton, depp
3 I prefer Meryl Streep movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The House of the Spirits

1 I really liked Longtime Companion, Airplane!, Taxi Driver, In the Line of Fire, Happy Gilmore, Manhattan, and Crimes and Misdemeanors. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Being There
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, television, Peter Sellers, Hal Ashby
3 I prefer Elizabeth Hurley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bedazzled

1 Blade Runner, Pulp Fiction, Chinatown, The Godfather, Leaving Las Vegas, The Third Man, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gandhi
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Attenborough
3 I rate Elia Kazan movies. Any other suggestions?	A Streetcar Named Desire

1 The Sting, All That Jazz, Manhattan, A Face in the Crowd, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Pink Flamingos, and MASH are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jason's Lyric
2 Who does that star?	Jada Pinkett Smith, Allen Payne, Bokeem Woodbine
3 I rate Linda Griffiths movies. Any other suggestions?	Lianna

1 The Shawshank Redemption and Braveheart are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fugitive
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I like Stephen Norrington movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blade

1 The Lost Weekend, Saving Private Ryan, The Sting, When a Man Loves a Woman, All That Jazz, Citizen Kane, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 Who is that directed by?	M. Night Shyamalan
3 I rate Andrés Baiz movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hidden Face

1 Mary Poppins, Back to the Future, Roman Holiday, Clueless, Pollyanna, Young Frankenstein, and Groundhog Day are films I like. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	The Purple Rose of Cairo
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Woody Allen
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bananas

1 Escape from L.A., Eraser, Daylight, Mr. Holland's Opus, Mars Attacks!, Black Sheep, and Twister are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Pauly Shore movie.	Bio-Dome
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I rate Sean Astin movies. Any other suggestions?	Encino Man

1 Happy Gilmore, Leaving Las Vegas, Ransom, Dead Man Walking, The Rock, and Toy Story are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sgt. Bilko
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Lynn
3 I prefer Rajkumar Hirani movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	3 Idiots

1 I liked Four Weddings and a Funeral, The English Patient, Pulp Fiction, Taxi Driver, Fargo, The Usual Suspects, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I like Harvey Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Medicine

1 I liked The Blues Brothers, Suspiria, Videodrome, Total Recall, A Clockwork Orange, Heat, and Don't Look Now. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Thing
2 Who does that star?	Joel Edgerton, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Eric Christian Olsen, Ulrich Thomsen
3 I like Vincent Price movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Man on Earth

1 I really like The Shining, The Shawshank Redemption, The Birdcage, The Bridges of Madison County, Citizen Kane, On the Beach, and X-Men. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Came from Hollywood
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Solt, Malcolm Leo
3 I rate Pasi Kemmo movies. Any other suggestions?	Ponterosa

1 I liked Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Office Space, The Spanish Prisoner, Rushmore, Good Will Hunting, and Life Is Beautiful. I'm looking for a heroin movie.	Jesus' Son
2 Who does that star?	Billy Crudup
3 I rate Ewan McGregor movies. Any other suggestions?	Trainspotting

1 I really like As Good as It Gets, Life Is Beautiful, Inglourious Basterds, Gattaca, Saving Private Ryan, V for Vendetta, and The Aviator. I'm looking for an Iain Softley movie.	K-PAX
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Spacey, Jeff Bridges, Alfre Woodard, Mary McCormack
3 I prefer Helena Bonham Carter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wings of the Dove

1 Aladdin and Beauty and the Beast are movies I love. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I rate wallace and gromit movies. Any other suggestions?	A Close Shave

1 Office Space, The Usual Suspects, Back to the Future, The Blues Brothers, Edward Scissorhands, The Godfather, and Schindler's List are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Alien, Carl Weathers, Predator, John McTiernan, jesse ventura, the story
3 I prefer Keira Knightley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Domino

1 Cinema Paradiso, The Breakfast Club, Strictly Ballroom, Apocalypse Now, Young Frankenstein, True Romance, and Drugstore Cowboy are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tim Robbins movie.	Bob Roberts
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins
3 I rate Sarah Polley movies. Any other suggestions?	The Secret Life of Words

1 Braveheart, Clerks, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, and True Lies are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 What else is that about?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Ivan Reitman
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hearts of the West

1 James and the Giant Peach, Princess Mononoke, The Incredibles, Jurassic Park, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Forrest Gump, and Batman are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Man in the Iron Mask
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jeremy Irons, John Malkovich
3 I rate Sienna Guillory movies. Any other suggestions?	Inkheart

1 Beauty and the Beast, Patriot Games, Glory, When Harry Met Sally..., My Fair Lady, Big, and In the Line of Fire are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Excalibur
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nigel Terry
3 I like Steven Bauer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thief of Hearts

1 I love The Net, Johnny Mnemonic, Forrest Gump, Judge Dredd, Waterworld, True Lies, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Species
2 What else is that about?	Alien, Ben Kingsley, Roger Donaldson
3 I prefer vampire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shadow of the Vampire

1 Vanilla Sky, Pulp Fiction, City of God, Aliens, Shrek, Alien, and The Sixth Sense are films I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Anderson movie.	The Shoes of the Fisherman
2 What else is that about?	Michael Anderson
3 I prefer George Orwell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	1984

1 I like Schindler's List, The English Patient, Trading Places, The Bridges of Madison County, Shine, Life Is Beautiful, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cold Mountain
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Natalie Portman, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Epic, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, civil war, american civil war, Donald Sutherland, Anthony Minghella
3 I prefer Patrick Swayze movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Powder Blue

1 Carrington, The Shawshank Redemption, Ghost in the Shell, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Piano, Dead Man Walking, and Smoke are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shallow Grave
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, criterion, dark, Crime, directorial debut, Ewan McGregor, Danny Boyle
3 I rate Kelly Macdonald movies. Any other suggestions?	Intermission

1 Moulin Rouge!, Young Frankenstein, The Muppet Movie, The Maltese Falcon, The Thin Man, Dead Calm, and The Evil Dead are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 Who does that star?	Paul Reubens, Elizabeth Daily, Mark Holton, Diane Salinger
3 I like Alec Baldwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beetlejuice

1 Frequency, Diner, Cast Away, Snow Falling on Cedars, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Galaxy Quest, and The Taking of Pelham One Two Three are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Keaton movie.	Pacific Heights
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Matthew Modine, Melanie Griffith
3 I prefer Christopher Lloyd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dream Team

1 I really like The Dark Crystal, The Blues Brothers, Bowling for Columbine, Schindler's List, Harold and Maude, Being John Malkovich, and Black Cat, White Cat. I'm looking for a Lukas Moodysson movie.	Together
2 What else is that about?	Lukas Moodysson
3 I prefer teddy award movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Show Me Love

1 The Gods Must Be Crazy, Babe, Strictly Ballroom, The Usual Suspects, The Game, Sling Blade, and Forrest Gump are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Next Stop Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Brad Anderson
3 I rate Chris Rock movies. Any other suggestions?	Good Hair

1 The Vanishing, The Silence of the Lambs, Requiem for a Dream, Chinatown, Mulholland Drive, In the Name of the Father, and Memento are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bullying movie.	Bully
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Hirsch
3 I like Nic Balthazar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ben X

1 3 Women, Citizen Kane, House of Games, Being There, Cape Fear, Primer, and Chinatown are films I liked. I'm looking for an art movie.	The Shape of Things
2 Who does that star?	Paul Rudd, Rachel Weisz, Gretchen Mol
3 I like Michael Caine movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prestige

1 I really liked So I Married an Axe Murderer, Rush Hour 2, Hellboy, Night on Earth, Network, The Nutty Professor, and Manhattan Murder Mystery. I'm looking for a Keenen Ivory Wayans movie.	Scary Movie
2 Who is that directed by?	Keenen Ivory Wayans

1 West Side Story, American Beauty, The Big Chill, The Jungle Book, When Harry Met Sally..., Lethal Weapon 2, and Pretty Woman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pillow Talk
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Doris Day, Rock Hudson, Thelma Ritter, Michael Gordon
3 I like chefs movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ratatouille

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Groundhog Day, Run Lola Run, Glory, Rushmore, Braveheart, and Citizen Kane are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 What else is that about?	criterion, original, national film registry, death, dark humor, Hal Ashby, Ruth Gordon, Bud Cort, existentialist
3 I rate Amy Poehler movies. Any other suggestions?	Baby Mama

1 I love Fame, Beneath the Planet of the Apes, Doctor Dolittle, Key Largo, Pleasantville, Scarface, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Ghost Story
2 Who is that directed by?	John Irvin
3 I rate Martin Walz movies. Any other suggestions?	Killer Condom

1 I loved The Thin Red Line, Casablanca, The Princess Bride, Blade Runner, Traffic, Alien, and The Dark Crystal. I'm looking for a Charlie Kaufman movie.	Being John Malkovich
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, John Cusack
3 I like Rhys Ifans movies more. Do you know anything else?	Human Nature

1 I really liked The Abyss, Sid and Nancy, Fargo, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Being John Malkovich, and A Hard Day's Night. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Decline of Western Civilization
2 Who is that directed by?	Penelope Spheeris
3 I like John Pilger movies more. Do you know anything else?	The War on Democracy

1 Taken, X-Men, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Braveheart, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and Sleepy Hollow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Anne Hathaway movie.	Passengers
2 What else is that about?	Anne Hathaway
3 I like Heath Ledger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brokeback Mountain

1 I loved Kingpin, Jackie Brown, The Fifth Element, The Departed, A Brief History of Time, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Charade
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Paris, Audrey Hepburn, Cary Grant, Walter Matthau, Stanley Donen, James Coburn
3 I rate Jon Jones movies. Any other suggestions?	Northanger Abbey

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Million Dollar Baby, Saving Private Ryan, and Chariots of Fire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	March of the Penguins
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, French, nature, Antarctica, penguins, penguin
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bus 174

1 I watched the films Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Red Dragon, The Butterfly Effect, Gladiator, Braveheart, The Shining, and Avatar and loved them. I'm looking for a John Lithgow movie.	Rise of the Planet of the Apes
2 Who is that directed by?	Rupert Wyatt
3 I like Stephen Gyllenhaal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Homegrown

1 I really like Toy Story 2, Psycho, A Close Shave, Forrest Gump, Shrek, Twister, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Beverly Hills Cop
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I rate Stephen Hopkins movies. Any other suggestions?	Judgment Night

1 Apollo 13, Shrek, Miracle on 34th Street, Back to the Future, It's a Wonderful Life, Blazing Saddles, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I love. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	The Muppet Christmas Carol

1 Sex, Lies, and Videotape, The Graduate, The City of Lost Children, Lost in Translation, The Tin Drum, Once Were Warriors, and Alien are movies I love. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Summer of Sam
2 What else is that about?	murder, Spike Lee
3 I prefer story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sherlock Holmes

1 Twilight, The Nightmare Before Christmas, A Little Princess, Romeo + Juliet, Dracula, The Secret Garden, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Vampires movie.	Vampires Suck
2 What else is that about?	Vampires
3 I prefer Blood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Daybreakers

1 The Wizard of Oz, Cinema Paradiso, The Usual Suspects, The Wrong Trousers, M, Shakespeare in Love, and The African Queen are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Breaker Morant
2 Who does that star?	Jack Thompson, Bryan Brown, Edward Woodward
3 I like Gene Tierney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sundown

1 I really like Forrest Gump, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Lion King, Dave, The Silence of the Lambs, Tommy Boy, and Crimson Tide. I'm looking for a Music movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I prefer dancing movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saturday Night Fever

1 The Usual Suspects, Pleasantville, Maverick, Forrest Gump, Monsters, Inc., Groundhog Day, and Goodfellas are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Donovan's Brain

1 Gone with the Wind, Gandhi, The Blue Angel, Sling Blade, Arsenic and Old Lace, Fargo, and Trainspotting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Billy Bob Thornton movie.	Primary Colors
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I like Michael Bay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Armageddon

1 Chasing Amy, I Heart Huckabees, Hotel Rwanda, Closer, American History X, Aladdin, and Dead Poets Society are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Rent
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Musical, aids, Broadway
3 I like Catherine Deneuve movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Umbrellas of Cherbourg

1 Fools Rush In, Phenomenon, The Big Chill, Message in a Bottle, Dead Poets Society, Seven Samurai, and Goodfellas are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Life Less Ordinary
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Holly Hunter, Delroy Lindo
3 I like Robert De Niro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Silver Linings Playbook

1 The Killing Fields, The Return of Martin Guerre, Sneakers, Bringing Up Baby, The Quick and the Dead, High Fidelity, and Children of a Lesser God are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Edward Scissorhands
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I like Henry Selick movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Nightmare Before Christmas

1 The Incredibles, The Usual Suspects, Toy Story, The Matrix, The Shining, Toy Story 2, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are films I love. I'm looking for a zombie movie.	Shaun of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, zombies, r, Simon Pegg, zombie, Nick Frost, Edgar Wright, stepfather
3 I like Bela Lugosi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Plan 9 from Outer Space

1 The Santa Clause, Fight Club, True Lies, Wild Things, Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2, and Apt Pupil are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sister Act
2 Who is that directed by?	Emile Ardolino
3 I prefer Mark Waters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghosts of Girlfriends Past

1 I like Carrie, Conan the Barbarian, Animal House, Die Hard, The Princess Bride, Independence Day, and RoboCop. I'm looking for an ebenezer scrooge movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I prefer Musical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scrooge

1 Young Frankenstein, Halloween, Citizen Kane, Mighty Aphrodite, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Deer Hunter, and MASH are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kirk Douglas movie.	Paths of Glory
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas
3 I like Jean Simmons movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spartacus

1 The Big Lebowski, L.A. Confidential, The Usual Suspects, The Maltese Falcon, Goldfinger, A Clockwork Orange, and Donnie Darko are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Following
2 What else is that about?	r, Christopher Nolan, noir
3 I rate Craig R. Baxley movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Day on the Block

1 Final Destination, The Red Violin, Before Sunrise, A Clockwork Orange, The Pianist, Galaxy Quest, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for an Al Pacino movie.	Glengarry Glen Ross
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, David Mamet, Jack Lemmon, real estate, mamet, James Foley
3 I prefer Viggo Mortensen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carlito's Way

1 Apollo 13, Barbarella, Michael Collins, American Beauty, Forrest Gump, The American President, and The Abyss are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Heard movie.	Beaches
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I like Chris Columbus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Home Alone

1 I love Toy Story 2, The Fifth Element, Much Ado About Nothing, Shaolin Soccer, Donnie Darko, Willow, and The Dark Crystal. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Importance of Being Earnest
2 What else is that about?	british, Oscar Wilde, Oliver Parker
3 I rate Rupert Grint movies. Any other suggestions?	Cherrybomb

1 I liked Hotel Rwanda, The Producers, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Big Lebowski, The Maltese Falcon, Big Night, and The General. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	City Lights
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, friendship, Love, national film registry, sad, charlie chaplin, G, Chaplin, Blind
3 I like Rhys Ifans movies more. Do you know anything else?	Once Upon a Time in the Midlands

1 Reservoir Dogs, The Princess Bride, RoboCop, Superman, Animal House, Conan the Barbarian, and Soylent Green are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Chuck Russell movie.	The Blob
2 Who is that directed by?	Chuck Russell

1 The English Patient, Swingers, Leaving Las Vegas, Bound, Trainspotting, Fargo, and Grosse Pointe Blank are films I love. I'm looking for a Jonathan Mostow movie.	Breakdown
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Mostow

1 Let Me In, The Crazies, 16 Blocks, 21 Grams, The Bucket List, The Book of Eli, and As Good as It Gets are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Contraband
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Foster, Giovanni Ribisi
3 I prefer Maggie Grace movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taken

1 Little Miss Sunshine, The Princess Bride, Toy Story, Spider-Man, She's All That, Juno, and Superbad are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Pete Docter movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich, Pete Docter, David Silverman
3 I rate Bob Peterson movies. Any other suggestions?	Up

1 Cool Hand Luke, American Beauty, Fight Club, Fargo, Donnie Darko, Office Space, and Pan's Labyrinth are films I really liked. I'm looking for a William Goldman movie.	The Princess Bride
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, Fantasy, original, fairy tale, Fun, cult, Princess, Rob Reiner, Peter Falk, bride, William Goldman
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid

1 Touch of Evil, Apocalypse Now, A Clockwork Orange, Vertigo, Lolita, Wings of Desire, and Young Frankenstein are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Clockwatchers
2 Who is that directed by?	Jill Sprecher
3 I like Busby Berkeley movies more. Do you know anything else?	They Made Me a Criminal

1 Dances with Wolves, While You Were Sleeping, Dave, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, Jurassic Park, and Babe are films I like. I'm looking for a Paul Morrissey movie.	Heat
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Morrissey

1 I liked We Are Marshall, Remember the Titans, Stomp the Yard, Invincible, The Sandlot, The Notebook, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brown Sugar
2 Who does that star?	Taye Diggs, Sanaa Lathan
3 I rate Mandy Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	A Walk to Remember

1 Forrest Gump, Dances with Wolves, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Pretty Woman, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Tom Sizemore, Juliette Lewis
3 I prefer Laraine Day movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The 3rd Voice

1 Yojimbo, Dog Day Afternoon, High Fidelity, Reservoir Dogs, Shaun of the Dead, The Matrix, and Downfall are films I like. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I rate Paul McGuigan movies. Any other suggestions?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 Ghostbusters, The Shining, Office Space, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Deconstructing Harry, Requiem for a Dream, and Alien are movies I like. I'm looking for a rural japan movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 Who does that star?	Chika Sakamoto, Noriko Hidaka, Hitoshi Takagi

1 I like The Man Without a Face, Jumanji, Chasing Amy, Pretty Woman, Groundhog Day, Wild Things, and The Rescuers Down Under. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Anthony Quinn, Giancarlo Giannini
3 I rate Shia LaBeouf movies. Any other suggestions?	Constantine

1 Speed, Babe, Jurassic Park, The American President, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, and Ghost are films I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	To Die For
2 What else is that about?	r, Joaquin Phoenix, Wayne Knight
3 I like Brad Pitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Burn After Reading

1 Children of Men, Infernal Affairs, The Passion of the Christ, 300, The Truman Show, Saving Private Ryan, and Donnie Darko are films I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Place Promised in Our Early Days
2 What else is that about?	anime, Makoto Shinkai
3 I rate christmas movies. Any other suggestions?	Shrek the Halls

1 Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Toy Story, L.A. Confidential, Sleeper, Manhattan Murder Mystery, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and Say Anything... are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Brittany Murphy movie.	Clueless
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like James Mangold movies more. Do you know anything else?	Girl, Interrupted

1 The Big Lebowski, American History X, Groundhog Day, Pulp Fiction, Star Trek, Office Space, and Aliens are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shrek 2
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Eddie Murphy, Mike Myers, Julie Andrews
3 I like Kim Basinger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cool World

1 When Harry Met Sally..., The Goodbye Girl, Ordinary People, The Thin Man, Fatal Attraction, Citizen Kane, and Enchanted April are movies I really like. I'm looking for a spy movie.	For Your Eyes Only
2 What else is that about?	murder, james bond, 007, spy, bond, Roger Moore
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Salt

1 As Good as It Gets, Saving Private Ryan, Goodfellas, The Shining, Evil Dead II, Field of Dreams, and In the Heat of the Night are movies I like. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Goldfinger
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Old, Gold, Guy Hamilton
3 I like Roger Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	A View to a Kill

1 I really like Seven Samurai, Taxi Driver, No Country for Old Men, The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Spirited Away
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, japan, original, studio ghibli, long, Hayao Miyazaki, animated, witch, Japanese, miyazaki, Pigs, 4
3 I prefer Russian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Day Watch

1 I love Whiplash, Rain Man, Blow, American History X, Trainspotting, The Godfather, and Scarface. I'm looking for a tragic movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni

1 Love Affair, Primary Colors, Runaway Bride, Sleepy Hollow, Phenomenon, The Matrix, and Clear and Present Danger are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Mummy
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Horror, Rachel Weisz, Brendan Fraser, mummy, John Hannah, Stephen Sommers, sand
3 I like Fredric March movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde

1 The Avengers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Blues Brothers, L.A. Confidential, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pulp Fiction, and The Princess Bride are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I rate Mekhi Phifer movies. Any other suggestions?	Soul Food

1 I really like Addams Family Values, Friday the 13th, The Cable Guy, Space Jam, Another Stakeout, Fargo, and Leaving Las Vegas. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Cat from Outer Space
2 What else is that about?	disney
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story

1 I love The Count of Monte Cristo, Die Hard 2, The Matrix, Black Hawk Down, Full Metal Jacket, Braveheart, and Die Hard. I'm looking for a William Hurt movie.	Mr. Brooks
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, murder, r, Kevin Costner, Demi Moore, William Hurt, Dane Cook
3 I like Ken Russell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Altered States

1 I really liked Braveheart, The Piano, Meet Joe Black, The English Patient, Life Is Beautiful, Casablanca, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Conspiracy Theory
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Conspiracy, Mel Gibson, Conspiracy Theory, Julia Roberts, Richard Donner
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Under Siege

1 I love The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Key Largo, Mouchette, Manhattan, Chungking Express, Jaws, and Stagecoach. I'm looking for a postwar movie.	The Bad Sleep Well
2 What else is that about?	japan, Corruption, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa, Hamlet, postwar, corporate

1 I liked Blade II, Das Boot, Syriana, The Silence of the Lambs, The Pianist, Blade Runner, and Grave of the Fireflies. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Undisputed
2 Who does that star?	Wesley Snipes, Ving Rhames
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Fargo, The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, Hoop Dreams, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really like. I'm looking for a Bill Murray movie.	Ed Wood
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Patricia Arquette, Sarah Jessica Parker, Martin Landau
3 I rate Bill Murray movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man Who Knew Too Little

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Fall, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, Fiddler on the Roof, The Sting, and Clerks II are films I like. I'm looking for a Hunter S. Thompson movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism
3 I like puerto rico movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rum Diary

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Men in Black, Titanic, The Silence of the Lambs, The Madness of King George, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The Fifth Element are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jenna Elfman movie.	Keeping the Faith
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Ben Stiller, Jenna Elfman
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Friends with Benefits

1 Con Air, The Spy Who Loved Me, The Glimmer Man, The Fugitive, The Buddy Holly Story, Forrest Gump, and Under Siege are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Devil's Own
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, Harrison Ford, Rubén Blades
3 I prefer Evel Knievel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Viva Knievel!

1 In the Line of Fire, The Usual Suspects, Village of the Damned, Don Juan DeMarco, Broken Arrow, Heavenly Creatures, and The Specialist are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	The Great White Hype
2 Who does that star?	Samuel L. Jackson, Jeff Goldblum, Peter Berg
3 I rate Rob Brown movies. Any other suggestions?	Coach Carter

1 The Godfather, The Royal Tenenbaums, Rosemary's Baby, Jaws, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Alien, and Rain Man are movies I like. I'm looking for an Alejandro González Iñárritu movie.	21 Grams
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Benicio Del Toro, Alejandro González Iñárritu
3 I rate mexico movies. Any other suggestions?	Babel

1 Dead Man Walking, Strangers on a Train, Seven Days in May, The Thin Red Line, Double Indemnity, Two Women, and The Big Lebowski are films I love. I'm looking for an Otto Preminger movie.	Anatomy of a Murder
2 Who is that directed by?	Otto Preminger

1 Witness for the Prosecution, Swimming Pool, Secretary, Once, and Win Win are movies I love. I'm looking for a sweet movie.	Lars and the Real Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	Craig Gillespie
3 I rate Andy Tennant movies. Any other suggestions?	Sweet Home Alabama

1 I watched the films Singin' in the Rain, Gandhi, 2010, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, The Maltese Falcon, Wag the Dog, and The Abyss and loved them. I'm looking for a mummy movie.	Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy
2 What else is that about?	mummy
3 I rate sand movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mummy

1 What's Love Got to Do with It, Shrek, About a Boy, Murder in the First, Ocean's Eleven, Forrest Gump, and The Fugitive are films I loved. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	Misery
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, Stephen King, Rob Reiner, Kathy Bates, James Caan, Lauren Bacall
3 I prefer Alien movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dreamcatcher

1 I love The Crow, Forrest Gump, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Platoon, Dances with Wolves, Die Hard, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Top Gun
2 What else is that about?	Action, Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, navy, aircraft, Tom Skerritt
3 I rate Edward Norton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Legacy

1 Spider-Man, The Sixth Sense, Memento, Gladiator, Vanilla Sky, Apollo 13, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Spanish Prisoner
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mamet
3 I prefer Woody Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scoop

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, Blade Runner, Patton, Magnolia, Scarface, In the Mood for Love, and A Scanner Darkly are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Black Cat, White Cat
2 Who is that directed by?	Emir Kusturica
3 I rate Raja Gosnell movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Momma's House

1 I really like Living in Oblivion, Heavenly Creatures, True Romance, Natural Born Killers, Ed Wood, Desperado, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Killing Zoe
2 What else is that about?	Heist, Roger Avary
3 I like Jean Renoir movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Crime of Monsieur Lange

1 Scrooged, Out of Sight, Good Morning, Vietnam, City Slickers, GoldenEye, Raising Arizona, and The Royal Tenenbaums are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Private Parts
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Bartel
3 I like Terry Zwigoff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghost World

1 The Wizard of Oz, A Room with a View, Dead Man Walking, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Fried Green Tomatoes, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Breakdown
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Mostow
3 I like Gary Lennon movies more. Do you know anything else?	.45

1 I love The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Billy Elliot, Blade Runner, Full Metal Jacket, American Beauty, Braveheart, and Operation Petticoat. I'm looking for a courtesan movie.	Dangerous Beauty
2 Who does that star?	Rufus Sewell, Oliver Platt, Catherine McCormack
3 I rate Louis Jourdan movies. Any other suggestions?	Gigi

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Chicken Run, Airplane!, The Seventh Seal, Casablanca, American Graffiti, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Frank Sinatra movie.	The Man with the Golden Arm
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Frank Sinatra, Otto Preminger
3 I like Grace Kelly movies more. Do you know anything else?	High Society

1 The Hunt for Red October, Grave of the Fireflies, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Usual Suspects, The Machinist, Kiki's Delivery Service, and The Return are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Hunt
2 Who is that directed by?	Thomas Vinterberg
3 I prefer Louis Malle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alamo Bay

1 Boogie Nights, The Bourne Identity, American History X, Dances with Wolves, Unforgiven, Ghostbusters, and The Waterboy are movies I liked. I'm looking for a David Spade movie.	Tommy Boy
2 Who does that star?	David Spade, Chris Farley
3 I prefer Patrick Warburton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kronk's New Groove

1 Quiz Show, Rushmore, Breaking Away, Bananas, Singin' in the Rain, The Manchurian Candidate, and Do the Right Thing are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	His Girl Friday
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Ralph Bellamy, Rosalind Russell
3 I rate Stacey Dash movies. Any other suggestions?	Moving

1 Muriel's Wedding, Manhattan, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, Apocalypse Now, My Fair Lady, A Christmas Story, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	J. Lee Thompson
3 I prefer Irvin Kershner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eyes of Laura Mars

1 American Beauty, North by Northwest, Paths of Glory, Dr. No, Contact, Fantasia, and Forbidden Planet are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Christmas Story
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, classic, christmas, Holiday, Bob Clark
3 I prefer Edward F. Cline movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cops

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Forrest Gump, Clerks, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Brothers McMullen, Eat Drink Man Woman, and Rob Roy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Bill Forsyth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	That Sinking Feeling

1 I really like Taxi Driver, Match Point, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Men in Black, Pulp Fiction, Midnight Cowboy, and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?. I'm looking for a housekeeper movie.	The Remains of the Day
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, Christopher Reeve

1 The Grifters, The Usual Suspects, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Heathers, Sling Blade, Eve's Bayou, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Cate Blanchett movie.	Oscar and Lucinda
2 Who is that directed by?	Gillian Armstrong
3 I prefer Tom Tykwer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heaven

1 I watched the films A Bug's Life, Delicatessen, Safe, Cast Away, The Terminator, Lifeforce, and Psycho and loved them. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	The Last Days of Disco
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Whit Stillman
3 I like Samuel Fuller movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Shot Jesse James

1 Slumdog Millionaire, Up, Life Is Beautiful, The Truman Show, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Apollo 13, and The Terminator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Donald Sutherland movie.	Space Cowboys
2 What else is that about?	space, Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner
3 I prefer Billy Crudup movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Without Limits

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, Casino, Reservoir Dogs, Zelig, Blade Runner, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and My Fair Lady are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Kid
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, library, charlie chaplin
3 I prefer jodorowsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Holy Mountain

1 Heat, Carlito's Way, The Shawshank Redemption, Rudy, Crimson Tide, Braveheart, and In the Name of the Father are films I like. I'm looking for a David Duchovny movie.	Kalifornia
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, Brad Pitt, Juliette Lewis, David Duchovny
3 I prefer Julianne Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Evolution

1 I really like Good Will Hunting, Ghostbusters, Philadelphia, Fantasia, Much Ado About Nothing, Cinderella, and True Lies. I'm looking for a dreamworks movie.	Antz
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Woody Allen, Anne Bancroft
3 I like Tony Haygarth movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chicken Run

1 Chinatown, Fargo, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Heat, Bonnie and Clyde, Animal House, and Glory are films I liked. I'm looking for a Campbell Scott movie.	Roger Dodger
2 Who is that directed by?	Dylan Kidd
3 I like Campbell Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Off the Map

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Godfather, Good Will Hunting, Dog Day Afternoon, The Usual Suspects, Kramer vs. Kramer, and Rocky are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cider House Rules
2 Who is that directed by?	Lasse Hallström
3 I rate Pieter Jan Brugge movies. Any other suggestions?	The Clearing

1 The Mighty, Forrest Gump, Ruthless People, Never Been Kissed, The Breakfast Club, Jerry Maguire, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Sleeping Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Clyde Geronimi
3 I prefer Mark Waters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Spiderwick Chronicles

1 Toy Story, Independence Day, Finding Nemo, We Were Soldiers, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Life movie.	The Green Mile
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Michael Clarke Duncan, Bonnie Hunt
3 I rate Nicolas Cage movies. Any other suggestions?	The Family Man

1 Braveheart, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Rock, Die Hard, The Crow, Blade Runner, and Executive Decision are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hard Target
2 What else is that about?	Action, martial arts, new orleans, John Woo, Lance Henriksen
3 I prefer Tony Gilroy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bourne Legacy

1 Salt, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Mask, Transformers, Batman Forever, Men in Black, and Chicken Run are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Bad Girls
2 What else is that about?	Drew Barrymore, Andie MacDowell, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I like racism movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blazing Saddles

1 Dances with Wolves, The Cider House Rules, Mystic Pizza, Men in Black, Much Ado About Nothing, The Last Emperor, and Biloxi Blues are films I like. I'm looking for a Marilyn Monroe movie.	The Seven Year Itch
2 Who does that star?	Marilyn Monroe, Tom Ewell
3 I prefer Don Murray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bus Stop

1 I loved The Fugitive, Maverick, Clear and Present Danger, Dave, The Firm, Beverly Hills Cop III, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I rate Ridley Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	G.I. Jane

1 The English Patient, Sense and Sensibility, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Being John Malkovich, The Piano, Titanic, and Best in Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cold Comfort Farm
2 What else is that about?	Ian McKellen, John Schlesinger
3 I rate Neil Simon movies. Any other suggestions?	Come Blow Your Horn

1 Clear and Present Danger, Aladdin, Pulp Fiction, The Fugitive, Stargate, The Shawshank Redemption, and Beauty and the Beast are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I like James Foley movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Chamber

1 I really like The Sixth Sense, The Exorcist, Blue Collar, It Happened One Night, Rear Window, Misery, and Judgment at Nuremberg. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Always
2 What else is that about?	remake, Steven Spielberg, Audrey Hepburn, Holly Hunter
3 I like Peter Weir movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Year of Living Dangerously

1 I really liked Back to the Future, Casablanca, The Godfather, The American President, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Die Hard 2, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The 39 Steps
2 Who is that directed by?	James Hawes
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I like Europa Europa, A Shot in the Dark, Rashomon, Rain Man, Apollo 13, Dersu Uzala, and The Lion in Winter. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I like Andrew Adamson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shrek 2

1 The Deer Hunter, The Shawshank Redemption, The Breakfast Club, Amistad, Clerks, A Few Good Men, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Snow Falling on Cedars
2 What else is that about?	cinematography
3 I prefer Michael Haneke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The White Ribbon

1 Moon, Outbreak, The Bourne Supremacy, This Must Be the Place, Braveheart, Green Zone, and Apocalypse Now are films I like. I'm looking for an Ayrton Senna movie.	Senna
2 Who is that directed by?	Asif Kapadia

1 Brazil, Casablanca, Good Will Hunting, Blade Runner, The Manchurian Candidate, Apocalypse Now, and Citizen Kane are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Searching for Bobby Fischer
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Zaillian
3 I prefer Michael Haneke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The White Ribbon

1 A Grand Day Out, Airplane!, Goodfellas, Citizen Kane, To Kill a Mockingbird, Chariots of Fire, and The Producers are films I like. I'm looking for a wallace and gromit movie.	The Wrong Trousers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Short, Fun, animated, aardman, sf, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I prefer stop motion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Close Shave

1 I loved The Shootist, The Hunger Games, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Raiders of the Lost Ark, True Grit, Captain Blood, and The Time Machine. I'm looking for a John Glen movie.	A View to a Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	John Glen

1 The English Patient, Saving Private Ryan, Blade Runner, Blue Velvet, and Titanic are movies I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Gods and Monsters
2 What else is that about?	r, Brendan Fraser, Ian McKellen, Bill Condon
3 I like Terry George movies more. Do you know anything else?	Reservation Road

1 A Scanner Darkly, Hot Fuzz, Pan's Labyrinth, and Requiem for a Dream are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	28 Weeks Later
2 Who is that directed by?	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
3 I like Henry Joost movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paranormal Activity 4

1 Pulp Fiction, Amélie, Lawrence of Arabia, High Fidelity, Manhattan, The Godfather, and The Princess Bride are films I really like. I'm looking for a plot movie.	The Dark Knight Rises
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, new york city, Christian Bale, ending, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, plot, Christopher Nolan, Anne Hathaway, cast, trilogy, Tom Hardy, bane, production
3 I rate Police movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hangover

1 Emma, Much Ado About Nothing, The Shawshank Redemption, Atonement, Little Women, Pretty Woman, and Love Actually are movies I liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Elizabeth
2 What else is that about?	r, british, england, long, Cate Blanchett, biographical, Geoffrey Rush, Joseph Fiennes, Shekhar Kapur
3 I rate Emma Thompson movies. Any other suggestions?	Sense and Sensibility

1 Easy Rider, The Wizard of Oz, The Right Stuff, Life Is Beautiful, Schindler's List, Midnight Cowboy, and Ghostbusters are films I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Lone Star
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, small town, Texas, Chris Cooper, John Sayles
3 I prefer Donnie Darko movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	S. Darko

1 I watched the films The Arrival, Titanic, White Squall, Toy Story, The Princess Bride, Grosse Pointe Blank, and 12 Angry Men and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I rate Russell Mulcahy movies. Any other suggestions?	Ricochet

1 The Sixth Sense, The Commitments, The Straight Story, The End of the Affair, A Streetcar Named Desire, Immortal Beloved, and American Beauty are movies I loved. I'm looking for a jazz movie.	Sweet and Lowdown
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, Uma Thurman, jazz
3 I like harlem movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Great Day in Harlem

1 American Beauty, Goodfellas, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, Chasing Amy, and Jaws are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 What else is that about?	High School, ensemble cast, teen, Ben Affleck, Milla Jovovich, Matthew McConaughey, Richard Linklater
3 I rate Amy Poehler movies. Any other suggestions?	Baby Mama

1 The Wizard of Oz, Blazing Saddles, Talk to Her, Amélie, Lifeboat, Predator, and The Thin Blue Line are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Stanley Kramer movie.	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Stanley Kramer
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Judgment at Nuremberg

1 Tombstone, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, Clear and Present Danger, Mr. Holland's Opus, Dead Man Walking, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Immortal Beloved
2 Who does that star?	Gary Oldman, Jeroen Krabbé
3 I rate Paul Giamatti movies. Any other suggestions?	Shoot 'Em Up

1 I really liked Shoah, The Searchers, To Kill a Mockingbird, Stand by Me, Beauty and the Beast, City of God, and Great Expectations. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Red Beard
2 What else is that about?	japan, Akira Kurosawa
3 I rate shintaro katsu movies. Any other suggestions?	Zatoichi's Flashing Sword

1 I like Cape Fear, Jurassic Park, American History X, The Breakfast Club, Cast Away, The Social Network, and Million Dollar Baby. I'm looking for a british movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Ritchie
3 I like Armando Iannucci movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Loop

1 Jaws, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Fight Club, The Ice Storm, Brazil, Natural Born Killers, and The Great Escape are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Black Christmas
2 What else is that about?	r, remake, christmas, Lacey Chabert
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Shop of Horrors

1 Dial M for Murder, The Insider, All About My Mother, Fargo, Blade Runner, Amélie, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Three Days of the Condor
2 Who does that star?	Max von Sydow, Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, Cliff Robertson
3 I rate Harvey Keitel movies. Any other suggestions?	Lulu on the Bridge

1 I watched the films The Philadelphia Story, Some Like It Hot, The Omega Man, Chinatown, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, The Producers, and Patton and loved them. I'm looking for a Victor Fleming movie.	The Good Earth
2 Who does that star?	Paul Muni, Luise Rainer
3 I rate Mary Astor movies. Any other suggestions?	Red Dust

1 I liked Misery, Halloween, Unbreakable, Witness for the Prosecution, Dog Day Afternoon, Three Days of the Condor, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an Alec Baldwin movie.	State and Main
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mamet
3 I rate Derick Martini movies. Any other suggestions?	Lymelife

1 I really like Memento, The Manchurian Candidate, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Harold and Maude, The Incredibles, 8½, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Blake Edwards movie.	A Shot in the Dark
2 Who is that directed by?	Blake Edwards

1 Pretty Woman, Cliffhanger, Billy Madison, The Shining, The Birds, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Edward Zwick movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington, Meg Ryan, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I prefer Tony Shalhoub movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Siege

1 I watched the films American Beauty, The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Matrix, The Lost Boys, Chicago, Stripes, and Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and loved them. I'm looking for an animated movie.	Waking Life
2 What else is that about?	stylized, Dreams, existentialism, animated, Ethan Hawke, Richard Linklater, Life, existential, rotoscope, consciousness
3 I like Ring movies more. Do you know anything else?	Corpse Bride

1 Clear and Present Danger, Sense and Sensibility, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, The Fugitive, and Mrs. Doubtfire are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Phenomenon
2 What else is that about?	own, John Travolta, genius, Forest Whitaker, Robert Duvall, Jon Turteltaub, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I prefer Joaquin Phoenix movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ladder 49

1 Iron Man, Life Is Beautiful, Batman Returns, The Usual Suspects, Troy, Gladiator, and Fight Club are films I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bowling for Columbine
2 What else is that about?	violence, War, Documentary, guns, Michael Moore
3 I rate skiing movies. Any other suggestions?	Steep

1 Beauty and the Beast, Pulp Fiction, Sense and Sensibility, The Usual Suspects, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley
3 I rate Ned Beatty movies. Any other suggestions?	Deliverance

1 I liked Children of a Lesser God, Dangerous Liaisons, The Godfather, Monsters, Inc., Four Rooms, Chasing Amy, and The Dark Crystal. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sarah Polley, Timothy Olyphant, Katie Holmes, Doug Liman
3 I prefer Gil Junger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Knight

1 I really liked The Count of Monte Cristo, Ocean's Eleven, A Beautiful Mind, The Royal Tenenbaums, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Brotherhood of the Wolf
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, 18th century, Vincent Cassel
3 I rate pace movies. Any other suggestions?	Star Trek

1 I watched the films Schindler's List, Vertigo, Hotel Rwanda, Witness, The Sound of Music, The Wizard of Oz, and The Passion of the Christ and loved them. I'm looking for a berlin movie.	Downfall
2 What else is that about?	War, r, germany, German, berlin, foreign, Adolf Hitler, nazi germany, hitler, Oliver Hirschbiegel
3 I prefer Wim Wenders movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wings of Desire

1 The Bourne Identity, The Matrix, Sin City, Lucky Number Slevin, The Dark Knight, The Fifth Element, and Fight Club are films I really like. I'm looking for a john mcclane movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I like John Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Good Day to Die Hard

1 I really like Alien, The Godfather, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Silence of the Lambs, Fight Club, The Shawshank Redemption, and Airplane!. I'm looking for an austria movie.	The Sound of Music
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Family, 70mm, library, national film registry, children, Julie Andrews, best picture, Christopher Plummer, austria, Robert Wise
3 I prefer Ulrich Seidl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dog Days

1 I love Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Shakespeare in Love, Strictly Ballroom, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 Who is that directed by?	Jerry Zucker
3 I rate A. Edward Sutherland movies. Any other suggestions?	Beyond Tomorrow

1 I loved Back to the Future Part II, Lord of the Flies, For Your Eyes Only, The Name of the Rose, The Abyss, Lord of Illusions, and Real Genius. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I rate Kate Hudson movies. Any other suggestions?	Bride Wars

1 I loved Serial Mom, Nine Months, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Batman Forever, Jury Duty, The Fugitive, and Babe. I'm looking for a Dan Aykroyd movie.	Coneheads
2 What else is that about?	Dan Aykroyd, saturday night live, snl, Steve Barron
3 I like Jamie Lee Curtis movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Girl

1 Toy Story 2, Pan's Labyrinth, Spider-Man, Titanic, Men in Black, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Toy Story 3 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Martha Coolidge movie.	Real Genius
2 What else is that about?	genius, Val Kilmer, Martha Coolidge
3 I rate Anne Heche movies. Any other suggestions?	If These Walls Could Talk 2

1 I really like The American President, Broken Arrow, Bad Boys, Boys on the Side, Mr. Holland's Opus, True Lies, and Immortal Beloved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Rob Roy
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, John Hurt, Jessica Lange
3 I rate Franchot Tone movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lives of a Bengal Lancer

1 Apollo 13, Platoon, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Office Space, and Young Frankenstein are movies I like. I'm looking for a clancy movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hunt for Red October

1 The Vanishing, Waking Life, Nothing in Common, The King and I, CQ, My Neighbor Totoro, and The Tin Drum are films I love. I'm looking for a Takashi Miike movie.	The Happiness of the Katakuris
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Takashi Miike
3 I rate japan movies. Any other suggestions?	13 Assassins

1 I like Batman Begins, Spider-Man 2, Memento, The Last of the Mohicans, Scrooged, Dark City, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a media movie.	The Truman Show
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Natascha McElhone, Noah Emmerich
3 I prefer Tom Sizemore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Natural Born Killers

1 The Matrix, Young Frankenstein, Black Hawk Down, A Few Good Men, Shakespeare in Love, Babe, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Jerk
2 What else is that about?	Steve Martin, Carl Reiner
3 I like jeunet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Amélie

1 I liked Aladdin, Braveheart, A League of Their Own, Six Days Seven Nights, Dangerous Minds, The Silence of the Lambs, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rudy
2 What else is that about?	sports, football, Sean Astin, David Anspaugh
3 I rate golf movies. Any other suggestions?	The Greatest Game Ever Played

1 The Killing Fields, Mad Max, Nashville, Cyrano de Bergerac, Driving Miss Daisy, Henry V, and The Mission are films I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Victor Victoria
2 Who is that directed by?	Blake Edwards
3 I prefer Hal Kanter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Loving You

1 I really liked The Usual Suspects, Sweet Smell of Success, From Here to Eternity, Jackie Brown, Raging Bull, Fargo, and Some Like It Hot. I'm looking for a watergate movie.	Dick
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Fleming
3 I like Alan J. Pakula movies more. Do you know anything else?	All the President's Men

1 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Inception, James and the Giant Peach, Big Fish, Bridget Jones's Diary, Clue, and The NeverEnding Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bruce Almighty
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Jim Carrey
3 I like Alistair McGowan movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Life in Ruins

1 The Last of the Mohicans, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Free Willy, First Knight, Independence Day, Contact, and Nineteen Eighty-Four are films I loved. I'm looking for a dalai lama movie.	Seven Years in Tibet
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, David Thewlis
3 I rate Tenzin Thuthob Tsarong movies. Any other suggestions?	Kundun

1 Taste of Cherry, Gandhi, Vertigo, Children of a Lesser God, The Hours, A Perfect World, and Gosford Park are films I loved. I'm looking for a Francis Veber movie.	The Closet
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Veber

1 The People vs. Larry Flynt, Leaving Las Vegas, Fargo, The English Patient, Toy Story, and Trainspotting are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, satire, parody, Tim Burton, Natalie Portman, Jack Nicholson, mars, Michael J. Fox, Pierce Brosnan, Sarah Jessica Parker, Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Martin Short
3 I rate George Sidney movies. Any other suggestions?	Annie Get Your Gun

1 Rear Window, Take the Money and Run, Repo Man, The Maltese Falcon, Alien, Blue Velvet, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Soldier movie.	The Crying Game
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Forest Whitaker, Neil Jordan, ira, Stephen Rea, Soldier
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Crying Game

1 Ghost in the Shell, Happy Gilmore, Airplane!, Fargo, Meet the Parents, Godzilla, and Taxi Driver are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Beyond the Mat
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry W. Blaustein
3 I like Lee Hirsch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bully

1 Unforgiven, Inglourious Basterds, The Illusionist, The Godfather, Gladiator, True Grit, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drew Goddard movie.	The Cabin in the Woods
2 What else is that about?	Horror, satire, r, directorial debut, Joss Whedon, meta, Chris Hemsworth, cabin, Drew Goddard, Fran Kranz
3 I rate Monster movies. Any other suggestions?	Cloverfield

1 I really liked Twister, Braveheart, Saving Private Ryan, The Usual Suspects, The Last of the Mohicans, The Princess Bride, and Lethal Weapon. I'm looking for a guns movie.	Young Guns
2 Who does that star?	Kiefer Sutherland, Charlie Sheen, Emilio Estevez, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I prefer Michael Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bowling for Columbine

1 I watched the films The Natural, The Green Mile, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, American Graffiti, A River Runs Through It, Cool Hand Luke, and Starman and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Never Cry Wolf
2 Who does that star?	Brian Dennehy, Charles Martin Smith, Zachary Ittimangnaq
3 I rate Jean Simmons movies. Any other suggestions?	Angel Face

1 I really liked The City of Lost Children, The Killing, Fight Club, Psycho, Blade Runner, The Others, and The Boondock Saints. I'm looking for a Benicio Del Toro movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade
3 I like Aaron Eckhart movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pledge

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, Miracle on 34th Street, A Little Romance, To Kill a Mockingbird, Rear Window, The Muppet Movie, and Tumbleweeds are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hugh Grant movie.	Impromptu
2 What else is that about?	Hugh Grant, James Lapine
3 I rate Romantic Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Nine Months

1 Basic Instinct, Dangerous Liaisons, Atonement, Closer, Love Me If You Dare, Why We Fight, and The Red Violin are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Match Point
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, Woody Allen, London, Emily Mortimer, Matthew Goode, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, lust, Brian Cox, wealth, luck
3 I rate werewolf movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wolf Man

1 The Green Mile, Driving Miss Daisy, Dead Again, Inherit the Wind, The English Patient, The Odd Couple, and The Last Emperor are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swept Away
2 Who does that star?	Giancarlo Giannini, Mariangela Melato
3 I rate Bette Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bride Came C.O.D.

1 American Beauty, Her, Moonrise Kingdom, The Usual Suspects, In Bruges, Donnie Darko, and American History X are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Damien Chazelle movie.	Whiplash
2 What else is that about?	Music, jazz, Miles Teller, Damien Chazelle, drummer

1 Rumble in the Bronx, The Maltese Falcon, Shallow Grave, Seven Samurai, Amélie, The Incredibles, and North by Northwest are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kind Hearts and Coronets
2 What else is that about?	Family, Alec Guinness
3 I prefer animated movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bee Movie

1 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Schindler's List, The Hustler, Seven Days in May, On the Waterfront, Anatomy of a Murder, and Arsenic and Old Lace are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Alan J. Pakula movie.	Klute
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan J. Pakula

1 I really like Ronin, Signs, The Wrong Trousers, Ghostbusters, And Now for Something Completely Different, Poltergeist, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Suicide Kings
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter O'Fallon
3 I rate Robert Altman movies. Any other suggestions?	MASH

1 American Beauty, Minority Report, The Terminator, Sherlock Holmes, Apollo 13, Road to Perdition, and Fight Club are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Mel Gibson, series, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer New York movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The French Connection

1 Great Expectations, The Silence of the Lambs, Philadelphia, Sliding Doors, Immortal Beloved, Primal Fear, and Braveheart are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Marvin's Room
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, Diane Keaton, Meryl Streep
3 I prefer Vivian Wu movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pillow Book

1 I love Martha Marcy May Marlene, Elephant, The Night of the Hunter, Heathers, Blue Valentine, The Hunter, and The Third Man. I'm looking for a War movie.	Blackboards
2 What else is that about?	Samira Makhmalbaf
3 I rate Lewis Milestone movies. Any other suggestions?	A Walk in the Sun

1 American Beauty, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Sixth Sense, Donnie Brasco, A Bug's Life, Forrest Gump, and French Kiss are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Joel Schumacher movie.	Falling Down
2 What else is that about?	violence, Michael Douglas, Robert Duvall, Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer John Grisham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Client

1 Planet of the Apes, The Shining, Jaws, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Exorcist, The NeverEnding Story, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Fly
2 What else is that about?	remade
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Carter

1 The Godfather, Serpico, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Big Chill, Casablanca, The Dirty Dozen, and Dead Poets Society are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Al Pacino, Russell Crowe, Michael Mann, tobacco
3 I like Steve Miner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Bully

1 Children of Men, The Barbarian Invasions, All the Real Girls, Agora, Garden State, 8½, and The Science of Sleep are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Vicky Cristina Barcelona
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, Woody Allen, plot, spain, artist, Javier Bardem, Barcelona
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Into the Wild

1 Forgetting Sarah Marshall, School of Rock, The Incredibles, Fight Club, Clerks, The Usual Suspects, and Inglourious Basterds are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dawn of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, zombies, r, remake, directorial debut, zombie, Zack Snyder, Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames
3 I prefer goblin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Suspiria

1 Pan's Labyrinth, Empire of the Sun, Beetlejuice, The NeverEnding Story, Cry-Baby, Back to the Future, and Ben-Hur are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Turtles Can Fly
2 Who is that directed by?	Bahman Ghobadi
3 I like Allan Burns movies more. Do you know anything else?	Just Between Friends

1 The Piano, Raging Bull, The African Queen, Citizen Kane, Unforgiven, Bull Durham, and Rain Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Wyatt Earp
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Kevin Costner, Dennis Quaid
3 I prefer Sam Robards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fandango

1 Shall We Dance?, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Princess Mononoke, Pulp Fiction, The Birds, The Little Shop of Horrors, and Brazil are films I love. I'm looking for a psychological horror movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins, Danny Aiello, Elizabeth Peña
3 I like Ian Hendry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Repulsion

1 The Firm, Backdraft, Beverly Hills Cop, Hamlet, Fargo, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Apollo 13 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Jaws 3-D
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Alves
3 I prefer David Hackl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saw V

1 I like Moonraker, Wreck-It Ralph, Toy Story 3, A League of Their Own, The King's Speech, This Is England, and Moneyball. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Inbetweeners Movie
2 What else is that about?	Holiday
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium

1 I like Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, Natural Born Killers, Taxi Driver, Sleepers, Independence Day, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a black and white movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I prefer Cuba movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Am Cuba

1 The Shawshank Redemption, As Good as It Gets, Memento, Black Snake Moan, Forrest Gump, Planet of the Apes, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Fellini's Casanova
2 What else is that about?	Federico Fellini
3 I prefer Richard Thorpe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Three Little Words

1 I love Princess Mononoke, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, A Grand Day Out, Casablanca, Pulp Fiction, Modern Times, and The Kid. I'm looking for a Gold movie.	The Gold Rush
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, charlie chaplin, silent, Gold, Chaplin
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre

1 I liked Funny Girl, The King and I, Much Ado About Nothing, Singin' in the Rain, Analyze That, How to Marry a Millionaire, and Shine. I'm looking for a Donnie Yen movie.	Iron Monkey
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Donnie Yen
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Monkey King

1 I watched the films The Passion of Joan of Arc, Pearl Harbor, High Noon, The Bourne Supremacy, Guadalcanal Diary, Ben-Hur, and Anna and the King and loved them. I'm looking for an Angela Bassett movie.	The Score
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Angela Bassett, Frank Oz, de niro
3 I rate Meryl Streep movies. Any other suggestions?	Music of the Heart

1 Best in Show, Casablanca, The Godfather, Spaceballs, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Groundhog Day, and Blade Runner are movies I liked. I'm looking for a True Story movie.	The Insider
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Al Pacino, Russell Crowe, Michael Mann, tobacco
3 I prefer spying movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breach

1 Pulp Fiction, Fahrenheit 9/11, Children of Men, The Darjeeling Limited, Grizzly Man, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Inglourious Basterds are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Door in the Floor
2 What else is that about?	Drama
3 I like Francis Ford Coppola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Peggy Sue Got Married

1 Fiddler on the Roof, Little Big Man, Ben-Hur, Some Like It Hot, It's a Wonderful Life, U-571, and The Graduate are films I like. I'm looking for a Michael Ritchie movie.	The Bad News Bears
2 What else is that about?	Michael Ritchie
3 I like Martin Short movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Simple Wish

1 Killing Zoe, Pulp Fiction, Private Parts, The Fugitive, Goodfellas, Rain Man, and Trainspotting are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Some Kind of Wonderful
2 What else is that about?	Romance, teen, 80s, John Hughes, Mary Stuart Masterson, Howard Deutch
3 I rate George Stevens movies. Any other suggestions?	The Diary of Anne Frank

1 Babe, Schindler's List, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a minnesota movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I like Ethan Coen movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Serious Man

1 Almost Famous, Silver Linings Playbook, Little Miss Sunshine, Father of the Bride, The Fugitive, Apollo 13, and A Beautiful Mind are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A League of Their Own
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Tom Hanks, baseball, Madonna, Geena Davis, Rosie O'Donnell, Penny Marshall
3 I rate Ted Demme movies. Any other suggestions?	Life

1 The Seventh Seal, Babe, La Haine, Exotica, Blue Velvet, La Cérémonie, and Nosferatu are movies I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	A Single Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	Benoît Jacquot

1 Bull Durham, In the Company of Men, Enchanted April, Unhook the Stars, Bambi, From Russia with Love, and Field of Dreams are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hal Ashby movie.	Bound for Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Hal Ashby
3 I prefer existentialist movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harold and Maude

1 Ghost World, Life Is Beautiful, American Beauty, 25th Hour, Punch-Drunk Love, It's a Wonderful Life, and Groundhog Day are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gangs of New York
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jim Broadbent
3 I rate Joshua Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	Aurora Borealis

1 Rushmore, Touch of Evil, The Godfather, Brazil, Henry V, Aliens, and The Sweet Hereafter are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fanny and Alexander
2 Who is that directed by?	Ingmar Bergman
3 I rate Joseph Castelo movies. Any other suggestions?	The War Within

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Fargo, Shaun of the Dead, No Country for Old Men, Pan's Labyrinth, The Princess Bride, and The Dark Knight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	Fantastic Mr. Fox
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Bill Murray, Meryl Streep, Jason Schwartzman
3 I like Albert Brooks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Defending Your Life

1 Beauty and the Beast, Burnt by the Sun, Sense and Sensibility, The Piano, Les Misérables, and The Umbrellas of Cherbourg are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Farinelli
2 What else is that about?	Musical, 18th century, Opera
3 I like 2 movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghost in the Shell

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Grave of the Fireflies, The Dark Knight, Juno, Amélie, and Memento are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Serenity
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Western, Joss Whedon, firefly, space western
3 I prefer Richard Pryor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lady Sings the Blues

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Casablanca, Groundhog Day, Sense and Sensibility, and Forrest Gump are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, Reunion, Janeane Garofalo, Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Character
3 I rate blaxploitation movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hebrew Hammer

1 Harold and Maude, Somewhere in Time, Mrs. Winterbourne, When Harry Met Sally..., The Princess Bride, Some Kind of Wonderful, and A Room with a View are films I like. I'm looking for a John Travolta movie.	Grease
2 What else is that about?	High School, Musical, John Travolta, 1950s, Randal Kleiser
3 I rate Elmore Leonard movies. Any other suggestions?	Be Cool

1 The Fugitive, Clerks, Rumble in the Bronx, Broken Arrow, Schindler's List, The Crow, and Tombstone are films I love. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	The Man Without a Face
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson
3 I rate Danny Glover movies. Any other suggestions?	Lethal Weapon 3

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Charade, Fried Green Tomatoes, Being There, North by Northwest, Enchanted April, and To Catch a Thief are movies I like. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	Duck Soup
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, marx brothers, Leo McCarey
3 I like Divorce movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Awful Truth

1 I loved Reservoir Dogs, Chinatown, Requiem for a Dream, No Country for Old Men, Memento, Yojimbo, and Bound. I'm looking for a berlin movie.	Downfall
2 What else is that about?	War, r, germany, German, berlin, foreign, Adolf Hitler, nazi germany, hitler, Oliver Hirschbiegel
3 I like Billy Wilder movies more. Do you know anything else?	One, Two, Three

1 I like The Godfather, Apocalypse Now, Pi, The Shawshank Redemption, The Shining, Requiem for a Dream, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a Sam Rockwell movie.	Moon
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, science fiction, Kevin Spacey, science, Sam Rockwell, Moon, robot, Duncan Jones
3 I prefer addiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Choke

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Pulp Fiction, Casino Royale, 300, Saving Private Ryan, The Dark Knight, and The Godfather are movies I like. I'm looking for a Police movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I prefer chase movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Premium Rush

1 Stargate, V for Vendetta, The Rock, Serenity, Star Trek, Galaxy Quest, and Contact are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	The Negotiator
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I like Yves Robert movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Mother's Castle

1 I really liked Wag the Dog, A Close Shave, 12 Angry Men, Galaxy Quest, Mrs. Doubtfire, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Primary Colors. I'm looking for a Family movie.	My Dog Skip
2 Who is that directed by?	Jay Russell
3 I rate Robin Nations movies. Any other suggestions?	Angel Dog

1 Alien, Back to the Future, Blade Runner, The Right Stuff, Tender Mercies, Annie Hall, and Goodfellas are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dark City
2 What else is that about?	William Dieterle
3 I like psychological movies more. Do you know anything else?	Face to Face

1 Schindler's List, Apollo 13, Little Women, Sense and Sensibility, Fargo, Babe, and Dances with Wolves are films I love. I'm looking for a James Ivory movie.	The Remains of the Day
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, Christopher Reeve, James Ivory, butler, housekeeper
3 I rate e. m. forster movies. Any other suggestions?	Howards End

1 I liked Batman, Mortal Kombat, Aladdin, Forrest Gump, GoldenEye, Braveheart, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Street Fighter
2 What else is that about?	Action, video game
3 I prefer Steven Seagal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Against the Dark

1 The Godfather, Shine, Donnie Brasco, Reservoir Dogs, The Big Lebowski, Friday, and The Matrix are films I love. I'm looking for a Ted Demme movie.	Blow
2 What else is that about?	cocaine, Ted Demme
3 I rate Kevin Spacey movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ref

1 Marty, It's a Wonderful Life, Casablanca, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Cape Fear, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Mildred Pierce are films I loved. I'm looking for a Christopher Lloyd movie.	My Favorite Martian
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd
3 I like Joan Cusack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Addams Family Values

1 Raging Bull, La Femme Nikita, North by Northwest, Full Metal Jacket, The 400 Blows, Out of Africa, and Hard Boiled are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 What else is that about?	High School, ensemble cast, teen, Ben Affleck, Milla Jovovich, Matthew McConaughey, Richard Linklater
3 I rate Simon Wincer movies. Any other suggestions?	Operation Dumbo Drop

1 The Thin Red Line, Some Like It Hot, Mulholland Drive, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Pleasantville, Dead Calm, and The Joy Luck Club are movies I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Against All Odds
2 Who is that directed by?	Taylor Hackford
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Shining, Touching the Void, Election, Sin City, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Moon, and Romeo + Juliet are movies I like. I'm looking for a Michel Gondry movie.	Tokyo!
2 What else is that about?	japan, tokyo, Michel Gondry, Leos Carax
3 I prefer Tim Robbins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Human Nature

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Hoosiers, Lucky Number Slevin, Braveheart, The Bourne Identity, National Treasure, and Mr. Brooks are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Stuart Townsend movie.	Chaos Theory
2 What else is that about?	Ryan Reynolds, Emily Mortimer, Stuart Townsend
3 I prefer Courtney Love movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trapped

1 A Clockwork Orange, The Exorcist, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Pulp Fiction, It's a Wonderful Life, Animal House, and Manhattan are movies I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Epic, German, Wolfgang Petersen, u-boat
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Saving Private Ryan

1 I liked Howards End, Great Expectations, Anne Frank Remembered, The Big Sleep, Bread and Chocolate, Bonnie and Clyde, and Chicken Run. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Carmen
2 What else is that about?	dance, Carlos Saura
3 I like Romance movies more. Do you know anything else?	Step Up

1 Airplane!, Go West, Nosferatu, Excalibur, The African Queen, My Favorite Year, and North by Northwest are films I like. I'm looking for a Ray Milland movie.	The Lost Weekend
2 Who does that star?	Ray Milland, Jane Wyman
3 I like John Wayne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Reap the Wild Wind

1 I loved American Beauty, Dangerous Liaisons, Reservoir Dogs, Das Boot, The Breakfast Club, Ran, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Nick Park movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Matter of Loaf and Death

1 Shakespeare in Love, The Matrix, The Princess Bride, Trainspotting, The Shawshank Redemption, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Star Trek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	District 9
2 Who is that directed by?	Neill Blomkamp
3 I rate Luc Besson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fifth Element

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Saving Private Ryan, The Godfather, The Sixth Sense, Das Boot, Jean de Florette, and Gone with the Wind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Corpse Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton, Mike Johnson
3 I like Vincente Minnelli movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yolanda and the Thief

1 I love Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Terminator, Forrest Gump, Animal House, Aliens, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	National Lampoon's Vacation
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, national lampoon, Harold Ramis, vacation, Randy Quaid
3 I rate Bill Murray movies. Any other suggestions?	Caddyshack

1 I really liked Toy Story, The Santa Clause, True Lies, The Fugitive, A Close Shave, and GoldenEye. I'm looking for a Sharon Stone movie.	The Specialist
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Llosa
3 I like Phillip Noyce movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sliver

1 Lost in Translation, The Big Lebowski, Memento, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I prefer Ronald Neame movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Never Was

1 I really liked When Harry Met Sally..., The Gods Must Be Crazy, Notting Hill, Cinema Paradiso, Life Is Beautiful, Forget Paris, and Dave. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 Who does that star?	Sihung Lung
3 I prefer Joan Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ice Storm

1 Apollo 13, Toy Story, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I like. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Crimson Tide
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Denzel Washington, Submarine, Gene Hackman, Tony Scott
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Absolute Power

1 I like The Usual Suspects, Heat, The Crow, Toy Story, Goldfinger, Aladdin, and Men in Black. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	The Prophecy
2 What else is that about?	r, Christopher Walken, Viggo Mortensen, Angel
3 I rate Catwoman movies. Any other suggestions?	Batman Returns

1 Ronin, The Jackal, The Blues Brothers, Blade Runner, The Terminator, The Godfather, and The Sting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a spy thriller movie.	Traitor
2 What else is that about?	Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, spy thriller
3 I prefer assassin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bourne Ultimatum

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Stand and Deliver, Shaun of the Dead, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Apocalypse Now, Beverly Hills Cop, and The Matrix are movies I loved. I'm looking for a r movie.	Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	r, disability, Billy Bob Thornton, John Ritter
3 I like Josh Brolin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Milk

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Glory, Fargo, and Vertigo and loved them. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Fantasia
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, disney animated feature, classical music, classical, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I prefer Sean Connery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Darby O'Gill and the Little People

1 The Hurricane, Halloween, Suspicion, Annie Hall, The Sound of Music, The Jungle Book, and I Am Sam are films I love. I'm looking for a fosse movie.	Lenny
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, biographical, Bob Fosse, fosse
3 I rate Michael York movies. Any other suggestions?	Cabaret

1 I love Kiss the Girls, Escape from New York, Extremities, The Godfather, Copycat, Full Metal Jacket, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	True Crime
2 Who is that directed by?	Pat Verducci
3 I prefer Carl Franklin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Crimes

1 Forrest Gump, Kikujiro, King Kong, Ichi the Killer, Memoirs of a Geisha, The Last Emperor, and Bowling for Columbine are films I loved. I'm looking for a David Dobkin movie.	Shanghai Knights
2 What else is that about?	David Dobkin
3 I rate Ryan Reynolds movies. Any other suggestions?	The Change-Up

1 The Player, Cinema Paradiso, Gaslight, Key Largo, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sleuth, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Real Women Have Curves
2 Who does that star?	America Ferrera, Lupe Ontiveros

1 Wings of Desire, Strictly Ballroom, Delicatessen, Reservoir Dogs, Amélie, American Beauty, and Harold and Maude are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Princess and the Warrior
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Tykwer
3 I like Masaki Kobayashi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harakiri

1 I loved Rio Bravo, Phenomenon, The Hudsucker Proxy, A Christmas Carol, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, True Grit, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Outlaw Josey Wales
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, civil war, american civil war, eastwood
3 I prefer New York movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The French Connection

1 I liked Rashomon and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Autumn Tale
2 Who does that star?	Béatrice Romand, Marie Rivière, Alain Libolt, Didier Sandre

1 I really liked A Fish Called Wanda, Airplane!, His Girl Friday, Being John Malkovich, GoldenEye, The Hunt for Red October, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a Guy Hamilton movie.	Diamonds Are Forever
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Guy Hamilton
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	Funeral in Berlin

1 The Dark Crystal, Pretty Woman, Top Gun, Wild Reeds, The Breakfast Club, Ronin, and Lethal Weapon 2 are films I really like. I'm looking for a multiple storylines movie.	Nashville
2 What else is that about?	multiple storylines, ensemble cast, national film registry, Robert Altman, altman

1 Jaws, Psycho, Detour, The Kid, Dracula, The Wicker Man, and D.O.A. are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an u-boat movie.	The Enemy Below
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Submarine, u-boat
3 I rate German movies. Any other suggestions?	Das Boot

1 Enemy at the Gates, Clueless, Airplane!, Bachelor Party, The Man with Two Brains, Happy Gilmore, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rock Star
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Herek
3 I like Mike Judge movies more. Do you know anything else?	Office Space

1 American Beauty, Trading Places, Big Night, Platoon, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, and Office Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Noah Baumbach
3 I prefer Steven Soderbergh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gray's Anatomy

1 I loved The Matrix, Schindler's List, Gladiator, Back to the Future, A Beautiful Mind, Toy Story 2, and Traffic. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Official Story
2 Who does that star?	Héctor Alterio, Norma Aleandro, Hugo Arana, Chunchuna Villafañe
3 I prefer Arthur O'Connell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hiding Place

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, Good Will Hunting, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Jerry Maguire, My Left Foot, and Edward Scissorhands. I'm looking for a Hamlet movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I prefer disney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lion King

1 I really like Traffic, Pulp Fiction, Knocked Up, Dawn of the Dead, Platoon, The Lion King, and United 93. I'm looking for a zombie movie.	Day of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, zombie, George A. Romero
3 I prefer zombies movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Return of the Living Dead

1 Heathers, Pulp Fiction, Casablanca, Roman Holiday, A Clockwork Orange, Apocalypse Now, and Schindler's List are films I liked. I'm looking for a classic movie.	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, fairy tale, national film registry, animated, fairy-tale
3 I rate Brian Helgeland movies. Any other suggestions?	Payback

1 Key Largo, The Thing, Leaving Las Vegas, Fargo, Sanjuro, Casablanca, and Swingers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Wild Bunch
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Ryan
3 I rate John Phillip Law movies. Any other suggestions?	Death Rides a Horse

1 The Sting, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, The Rocketeer, Big, Babe, The Muppet Movie, and Saving Private Ryan are films I love. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Swiss Family Robinson
2 What else is that about?	disney, Family, island, shipwreck, Ken Annakin
3 I like John Lasseter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Toy Story 2

1 Gandhi, Glory, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Contact, Toy Story, Dead Poets Society, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Somewhere in Time
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Hotel, Richard Matheson, playwright, Jane Seymour
3 I prefer death movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hereafter

1 Antz, A Bug's Life, The Maltese Falcon, Big Night, Galaxy Quest, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Run Lola Run are movies I like. I'm looking for a surprise ending movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 What else is that about?	twist ending, Thriller, Bruce Willis, supernatural, surprise ending, M. Night Shyamalan, twist, 2, Haley Joel Osment, dead, shyamalan

1 I like The Young Poisoner's Handbook, Freeway, Romeo + Juliet, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing, High Fidelity, The Big Lebowski, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a journalism movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism
3 I like Josh Hartnett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Resurrecting the Champ

1 Planet of the Apes, American Beauty, The Thing, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boys Don't Cry
2 What else is that about?	Drama, gay, rape, Hilary Swank, Peter Sarsgaard
3 I prefer Phil Karlson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scandal Sheet

1 I love Toy Story, 101 Dalmatians, Independence Day, Eraser, Jerry Maguire, A Time to Kill, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I prefer Class movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trading Places

1 Grease, Chasing Amy, The Wizard of Oz, Fearless, Dirty Dancing, Sense and Sensibility, and Boogie Nights are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Brad Pitt movie.	12 Years a Slave
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Brad Pitt, slavery, Michael Fassbender, Paul Giamatti, Steve McQueen, Chiwetel Ejiofor
3 I prefer Jonah Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moneyball

1 Casablanca, Lilies of the Field, It Happened One Night, Chinatown, Bringing Up Baby, Charade, and On the Waterfront are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I prefer british movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Loop

1 The Killer, The English Patient, American Beauty, The Matrix, Titanic, Shall We Dance?, and Goodfellas are films I love. I'm looking for a Devil movie.	Bedazzled
2 What else is that about?	remake, Devil, Brendan Fraser, Harold Ramis, Elizabeth Hurley
3 I rate Christopher Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	The Devil Rides Out

1 I watched the films The Untouchables, Saving Private Ryan, The Magnificent Seven, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Animal House, A Christmas Story, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and loved them. I'm looking for an Antonio Banderas movie.	The 13th Warrior
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan, Michael Crichton
3 I like Robert Rodriguez movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desperado

1 I really liked The Count of Monte Cristo, Big Fish, Back to the Future Part II, Castle in the Sky, Ratatouille, Hook, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shrek 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, sequel, Cameron Diaz, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Antonio Banderas, John Cleese, Mike Myers, Julie Andrews, 4, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson
3 I rate disney renaissance movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lion King

1 The People vs. Larry Flynt, Chungking Express, X-Men, The Fifth Element, Y Tu Mamá También, Rope, and Tank Girl are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wag the Dog
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black comedy, Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman, David Mamet, president, Election, Barry Levinson, fake
3 I rate ne movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rocker

1 I really like Big Fish, Inception, Titanic, The Fall, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Donnie Darko, and Romeo and Juliet. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Gary Cooper, Norman Z. McLeod
3 I like Gene Wilder movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Producers

1 The Godfather, Goodfellas, A Fish Called Wanda, Dead Man Walking, A Beautiful Mind, Pulp Fiction, and War of the Worlds are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Midnight Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, best picture, Jon Voight, John Schlesinger
3 I rate Benedict Cumberbatch movies. Any other suggestions?	Wreckers

1 I liked Forrest Gump, The Sound of Music, Life Is Beautiful, Cast Away, Ocean's Eleven, The Green Mile, and A Beautiful Mind. I'm looking for a Brad Pitt movie.	Ocean's Twelve
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, ensemble cast, Matt Damon, Heist, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Steven Soderbergh, Bernie Mac, heist film
3 I rate 1 movies. Any other suggestions?	Meet Joe Black

1 I love Aliens, The Matrix, Predator, The Hunt for Red October, Gladiator, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Alien. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Nikolai Müllerschön movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Red Baron

1 The Crow, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, A Christmas Story, Ghostbusters, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Silence of the Lambs, and True Romance are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Lost Boys
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Vampires, vampire, Brothers, Kiefer Sutherland
3 I rate Stephen King movies. Any other suggestions?	Pet Sematary

1 The Lion King, The Piano, The Birdcage, Sense and Sensibility, The Fugitive, Leaving Las Vegas, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Roth movie.	Rob Roy
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, John Hurt, Jessica Lange
3 I rate Brady Corbet movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny Games

1 The Breakfast Club, Being John Malkovich, Shakespeare in Love, Reversal of Fortune, Parenthood, As Good as It Gets, and The Shining are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Horse Whisperer
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford
3 I prefer Peter O'Toole movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lawrence of Arabia

1 House of Games, Lone Star, The Spanish Prisoner, To Kill a Mockingbird, Fargo, My Life as a Dog, and Priest are films I liked. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	Empire of the Sun
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, japan, Steven Spielberg, Christian Bale, Prison, John Malkovich, na, j. g. ballard
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Super 8

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Romeo and Juliet, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, When Harry Met Sally..., The Wild Bunch, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Local Hero are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Josh Brolin movie.	True Grit
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, coen brothers, Matt Damon, Western, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld, Barry Pepper
3 I like comic book movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jonah Hex

1 I loved Batman Begins, The Girl Next Door, Minority Report, The Dark Knight, The Shawshank Redemption, Monsters, Inc., and X-Men. I'm looking for an united states movie.	Live Free or Die Hard
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis
3 I like Kyle Chandler movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zero Dark Thirty

1 The Godfather, The Searchers, Five Easy Pieces, Night of the Living Dead, A Clockwork Orange, The Third Man, and Yojimbo are movies I loved. I'm looking for a tezuka movie.	Metropolis
2 Who is that directed by?	Rintaro

1 The Wrong Trousers, Heavenly Creatures, Once Were Warriors, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The City of Lost Children, Cold Comfort Farm, and Trainspotting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Blue in the Face
2 Who does that star?	Michael J. Fox, Roseanne Barr, Lou Reed, Mel Gorham
3 I rate Amy Poehler movies. Any other suggestions?	Free Birds

1 The Mask, Braveheart, Wild Hogs, Total Recall, The Bourne Supremacy, Pulp Fiction, and Dogma are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Dennis Hopper movie.	Hell Ride
2 What else is that about?	Quentin Tarantino, Dennis Hopper, Vinnie Jones
3 I like Tobe Hooper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Natural Born Killers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Duck Soup, Pulp Fiction, and Heathers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Robbins movie.	Bob Roberts
2 What else is that about?	mockumentary, Tim Robbins
3 I rate Romantic Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	I.Q.

1 I love The Adventures of Robin Hood, The Natural, Rear Window, The Birds, The Manchurian Candidate, All About Eve, and Yojimbo. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Happened One Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Capra
3 I like Charles Lamont movies more. Do you know anything else?	Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde

1 Dangerous Minds, French Kiss, Clueless, Tommy Boy, Junior, While You Were Sleeping, and Congo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer Chuck Norris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Firewalker

1 I really like The Iron Giant, Monster's Ball, Monsters, Inc., The Thing, Carrie, The Avengers, and Grave of the Fireflies. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Digging to China
2 Who does that star?	Evan Rachel Wood
3 I rate Andy Garcia movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man from Elysian Fields

1 I loved The Lion King, Congo, Disclosure, The Firm, Babe, Tommy Boy, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Beverly Hills Cop III
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Eddie Murphy, John Landis
3 I prefer private detective movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Charlie's Angels

1 I liked The Fugitive, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Swingers, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Schindler's List, Get Shorty, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	The Crossing Guard
2 Who is that directed by?	Sean Penn
3 I like Jack Nicholson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Goin' South

1 MASH, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Donnie Darko, Run Lola Run, Castle in the Sky, The Shawshank Redemption, and Lost in Translation are films I loved. I'm looking for a pixar animation movie.	The Incredibles
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Bird
3 I rate Jan Pinkava movies. Any other suggestions?	Ratatouille

1 Mallrats, The Bridge on the River Kwai, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Tommy Boy, As Good as It Gets, 48 Hrs., and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a Kevin Spacey movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey
3 I prefer Sandra Bullock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Time to Kill

1 I like Miracle on 34th Street, Pretty Woman, Rob Roy, The Piano, Schindler's List, Braveheart, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I rate Rob Bowman movies. Any other suggestions?	Reign of Fire

1 Casablanca, Airplane!, Taxi Driver, Clueless, Shakespeare in Love, Dogma, and Titanic are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Duck Soup
2 Who is that directed by?	Leo McCarey
3 I rate George W. Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	Min and Bill

1 I love Moulin Rouge!, A Christmas Story, The Passion of the Christ, Pulp Fiction, Almost Famous, The Exorcist, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Super Troopers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jay Chandrasekhar
3 I rate weather forecaster movies. Any other suggestions?	L.A. Story

1 I really like Romeo + Juliet, Pulp Fiction, Six Degrees of Separation, Fargo, Leaving Las Vegas, Richard III, and Searching for Bobby Fischer. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Living in Oblivion
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, Catherine Keener
3 I prefer John Hurt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Watership Down

1 I love Shakespeare in Love, Bonnie and Clyde, Duck Soup, Citizen Kane, The Wizard of Oz, Seven Samurai, and Bringing Up Baby. I'm looking for a French movie.	Jules and Jim
2 What else is that about?	French, François Truffaut
3 I rate vietnam movies. Any other suggestions?	Indochine

1 The Shawshank Redemption, A Fish Called Wanda, Signs, The Matrix, The Bourne Supremacy, Dead Again, and Secretary are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Butterfly Effect
2 Who is that directed by?	J. Mackye Gruber, Eric Bress
3 I like Howard Deutch movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Whole Ten Yards

1 The Great Escape, Crimson Tide, Million Dollar Baby, City of God, The Firm, Die Hard, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Whole Nine Yards
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bruce Willis, Matthew Perry, Amanda Peet, Jonathan Lynn
3 I like Charles Crichton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hue and Cry

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Saving Private Ryan, Unforgiven, Gone with the Wind, The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Wild Bill
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges, Diane Lane, John Hurt, Ellen Barkin
3 I like Burt Lancaster movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Scalphunters

1 The Red Violin, The Rock, Saving Private Ryan, Platoon, Face/Off, Fargo, and The Negotiator are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Swing Kids
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Robert Sean Leonard, Frank Whaley
3 I rate Victoria Abril movies. Any other suggestions?	Between Your Legs

1 Dead Man, Apocalypse Now, The City of Lost Children, The Matrix, The Godfather, Mulholland Drive, and Planet of the Apes are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Stunt Man
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Peter O'Toole
3 I prefer Edgar Allan Poe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spirits of the Dead

1 I liked Fight Club, Videodrome, Ratatouille, The Shining, Network, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Closer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Natalie Portman, Jude Law, Julia Roberts, Clive Owen, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer world war ii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Best Years of Our Lives

1 The Usual Suspects, Erin Brockovich, The Rock, Goodfellas, X-Men, Payback, and Good Will Hunting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a H.G. Wells movie.	The Island of Dr. Moreau
2 Who does that star?	Michael York, Burt Lancaster, Barbara Carrera, Nigel Davenport
3 I rate Rod Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Time Machine

1 I really liked Monster's Ball, L.A. Confidential, Blue Velvet, Enemy of the State, The Maltese Falcon, The Others, and Delicatessen. I'm looking for an ireland movie.	The Magdalene Sisters
2 What else is that about?	ireland
3 I rate Brothers movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wind That Shakes the Barley

1 I love Independence Day, I.Q., Ghost, Nell, Pretty Woman, The Lion King, and Clueless. I'm looking for a Bonnie Hunt movie.	Only You
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Marisa Tomei, Bonnie Hunt
3 I like Charles Grodin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beethoven's 2nd

1 Willow, The Wizard of Oz, Hamlet, Life Is Beautiful, The Blue Lagoon, Billy Madison, and The Lord of the Rings are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Highlander
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, queen, Russell Mulcahy, Clancy Brown
3 I rate super technirama 70 movies. Any other suggestions?	Sleeping Beauty

1 Saving Private Ryan, The Godfather, The Wrong Trousers, The Shawshank Redemption, The Sixth Sense, and Sling Blade are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Fish
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Tim Burton, story, death, Storytelling, Ewan McGregor, Helena Bonham Carter, Life, fish, Albert Finney, alabama, Jessica Lange
3 I rate David Mackenzie movies. Any other suggestions?	Hallam Foe

1 I really liked Shallow Grave, Aladdin, The Shawshank Redemption, Murder in the First, Little Women, Quiz Show, and Legends of the Fall. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I rate Mel Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	Spaceballs

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Spider-Man 2, The Godfather, Tombstone, Field of Dreams, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Back to the Future are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 What else is that about?	muppets, cameos, Jim Henson, kermit
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Severance

1 Fight Club, Fahrenheit 9/11, A Beautiful Mind, The Patriot, The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Life of David Gale are films I like. I'm looking for a Cameron Diaz movie.	Vanilla Sky
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Thriller, r, remake, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Cameron Diaz, Cameron Crowe
3 I rate Shirley MacLaine movies. Any other suggestions?	In Her Shoes

1 I watched the films Father Goose, Duck Soup, The Philadelphia Story, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, His Girl Friday, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Double Indemnity and loved them. I'm looking for a screwball movie.	The Palm Beach Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Preston Sturges
3 I rate Leo McCarey movies. Any other suggestions?	The Awful Truth

1 I liked Black Hawk Down, 50/50, Avatar, Touching the Void, Batman Begins, Lincoln, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Slumdog Millionaire
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle, Loveleen Tandan
3 I prefer Anatole Litvak movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sisters

1 I like My Fellow Americans, Batman, Candyman, Shrek, The Color of Money, My Dog Skip, and Grumpy Old Men. I'm looking for a Mark Steven Johnson movie.	Simon Birch
2 Who does that star?	Ashley Judd, Oliver Platt, Joseph Mazzello
3 I rate Michael Clarke Duncan movies. Any other suggestions?	Daredevil

1 Rear Window, Strange Days, Goodfellas, Fargo, The Usual Suspects, Jackie Brown, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Guy Ritchie movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I rate Mark Strong movies. Any other suggestions?	RocknRolla

1 Being John Malkovich, A Streetcar Named Desire, Ordinary People, The Insider, Elizabeth, Nixon, and Amélie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Milan Kundera movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 What else is that about?	4, Philip Kaufman, prague, Milan Kundera

1 I liked Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Garden State, The Shawshank Redemption, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Soylent Green, Fight Club, and Kung Fu Hustle. I'm looking for an Angie Dickinson movie.	Ocean's 11
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone
3 I like Arthur Penn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Chase

1 I really like Pretty Woman, From Here to Eternity, Charade, The Terminator, Stalag 17, Gone with the Wind, and Speed. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	Sommersby
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I like Nicolas Gessner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane

1 I loved American Beauty, The Fugitive, The Big Sleep, Grease, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Miracle on 34th Street, and Platoon. I'm looking for a Broadway movie.	The Pajama Game
2 Who does that star?	Doris Day
3 I prefer William Powell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Ziegfeld

1 I watched the films The Shining, Wild Things, One Fine Day, Sabrina, The Hudsucker Proxy, Pulp Fiction, and The Insider and loved them. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	A Place in the Sun
2 Who is that directed by?	George Stevens
3 I prefer Alfred Hitchcock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shadow of a Doubt

1 Vertigo, Black Swan, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, North by Northwest, The Game, Lost in Translation, and The Mask are films I liked. I'm looking for a gonzo journalism movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam

1 I love The Butterfly Effect, Gattaca, Red Planet, Inception, Duel, Gravity, and Equilibrium. I'm looking for a Vera Farmiga movie.	Source Code
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, Jake Gyllenhaal, Vera Farmiga, Michelle Monaghan, Duncan Jones, Jeffrey Wright
3 I like supernatural movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Conjuring

1 American History X, Good Will Hunting, Shutter Island, Pulp Fiction, Django Unchained, Fight Club, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Man on the Moon
2 What else is that about?	Jim Carrey, biographical, Paul Giamatti, Danny DeVito, Patton Oswalt, Andy Kaufman, Courtney Love
3 I prefer Animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story 2

1 Groundhog Day, Ghostbusters, Frequency, Casablanca, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Psycho, and Taxi Driver are films I loved. I'm looking for a Frank Capra movie.	Arsenic and Old Lace
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Jack Carson, Raymond Massey, Priscilla Lane
3 I rate Katharine Hepburn movies. Any other suggestions?	State of the Union

1 Notting Hill, A Mighty Wind, Good Will Hunting, Shanghai Knights, The Right Stuff, To Sir, with Love, and Mister Roberts are films I really like. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Regarding Henry
2 What else is that about?	Harrison Ford, Annette Bening
3 I rate Alan J. Pakula movies. Any other suggestions?	Presumed Innocent

1 I liked Rashomon, Pulp Fiction, Princess Mononoke, Inception, The African Queen, Coraline, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Iron Giant
2 What else is that about?	Animation, military, cold war, Jennifer Aniston, Vin Diesel, Brad Bird, maine
3 I like cat movies more. Do you know anything else?	How to Train Your Dragon 2

1 Eyes Wide Shut, Reservoir Dogs, Super Troopers, Office Space, Forrest Gump, Monsters, Inc., and Big are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American History X
2 What else is that about?	violence, Drama, Edward Norton, Prison, story, rape, brutal, Brothers, avi, nazi, Edward Furlong, Tony Kaye
3 I prefer great depression movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rambling Rose

1 Minority Report, The Bourne Ultimatum, Entrapment, Mulan, Casino Royale, The Thomas Crown Affair, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are films I really like. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Black Hole
2 What else is that about?	disney, Ernest Borgnine, Maximilian Schell
3 I prefer Adam Shankman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bedtime Stories

1 Face/Off, Leaving Las Vegas, Tigerland, The Score, Pulp Fiction, Pay It Forward, and Pacific Heights are films I really like. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	American Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sequel, wedding, Jesse Dylan
3 I rate r movies. Any other suggestions?	Wedding Crashers

1 I love Field of Dreams, The Shawshank Redemption, Cinderella, Sleepless in Seattle, Ghostbusters, Peter Pan, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppets Take Manhattan
2 Who does that star?	Frank Oz, Jim Henson
3 I prefer Diane Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Wedding

1 I loved The Godfather, American Beauty, High Fidelity, Saving Private Ryan, Hoop Dreams, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a drug trade movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade

1 The Producers, The Blue Angel, Finding Neverland, Edward Scissorhands, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Children's Hour, and Citizen Kane are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Front Page
2 Who does that star?	Adolphe Menjou, Edward Everett Horton, Pat O'Brien, Mary Brian
3 I prefer Topher Grace movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Good Company

1 I loved The Little Rascals, Spy Kids, Shrek, Idle Hands, Erin Brockovich, The Mighty Ducks, and Muppet Treasure Island. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jack Frost
2 What else is that about?	christmas
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Liar Liar

1 Saw, MASH, Man on the Moon, A Close Shave, Best in Show, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, and Planet of the Apes are films I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Beyond the Mat
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry W. Blaustein
3 I like Morgan Spurlock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Where in the World Is Osama Bin Laden?

1 The Matrix, Army of Darkness, Good Will Hunting, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Starship Troopers, Inglourious Basterds, and Pan's Labyrinth are films I liked. I'm looking for a marvel movie.	Blade
2 Who does that star?	Wesley Snipes, Stephen Dorff
3 I like Josh Lucas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hulk

1 I really liked Hamlet, The Crow, The Matrix, Road to Perdition, Field of Dreams, Clerks, and The Sandlot. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Groundhog Day
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Bill Murray, national film registry, time loop, 3, time, Harold Ramis, pennsylvania, Andie MacDowell, weatherman, loop
3 I rate Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Any other suggestions?	Hercules in New York

1 Casablanca, Lawrence of Arabia, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Richard Attenborough movie.	The Great Escape
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sturges
3 I like Les Mayfield movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miracle on 34th Street

1 Inherit the Wind, Aladdin, Bull Durham, Key Largo, Goldfinger, High Fidelity, and Unforgiven are films I love. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Talk to Her
2 What else is that about?	Drama, loneliness, Love, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar, Leonor Watling
3 I like Alejandro Amenábar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Open Your Eyes

1 The Wizard of Oz, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Casablanca, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Shawshank Redemption, Back to the Future, and Little Voice are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	About a Boy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Hugh Grant, Rachel Weisz, adaptation, Toni Collette, Nick Hornby, Nicholas Hoult, Chris Weitz
3 I prefer disaster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Impossible

1 I love Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, Young Sherlock Holmes, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Thing from Another World, Easy Rider, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and The Last Emperor. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Road to Singapore
2 What else is that about?	Bob Hope, Victor Schertzinger
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All That Heaven Allows

1 The Prestige, Citizen Kane, Modern Times, The Right Stuff, The Fugitive, The Breakfast Club, and Matchstick Men are movies I love. I'm looking for a silent movie.	The Gold Rush
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, charlie chaplin, silent, Gold, Chaplin
3 I prefer Buster Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Our Hospitality

1 RoboCop, The Crow, Gladiator, Spider-Man, The Matrix, The Godfather, and The Fugitive are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who does that star?	Randolph Scott, Binnie Barnes, Henry Wilcoxon
3 I prefer Julia Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hook

1 My Cousin Vinny, State and Main, Being John Malkovich, Shrek, Babe, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Never Cry Wolf are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kissing Jessica Stein
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Westfeldt, Tovah Feldshuh
3 I rate Queen Latifah movies. Any other suggestions?	Just Wright

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Full Metal Jacket, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Saving Private Ryan, The Sting, and Diner are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	My Dog Skip
2 Who is that directed by?	Jay Russell
3 I like Charles Martin Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dolphin Tale

1 Pretty Woman, Murder in the First, Speed, Clockers, Shallow Grave, True Lies, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I really like. I'm looking for a fairy tale movie.	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, fairy tale, national film registry, animated, fairy-tale
3 I rate Tim Curry movies. Any other suggestions?	Legend

1 I like Being John Malkovich, There's Something About Mary, House of Games, Rain Man, Tombstone, Goodfellas, and You Can Count on Me. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Year My Voice Broke
2 Who is that directed by?	John Duigan
3 I rate Tom Laughlin movies. Any other suggestions?	Billy Jack

1 Jurassic Park, Stargate, Titanic, Hamlet, Men in Black, Braveheart, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a disaster movie.	Armageddon
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Bruce Willis, Owen Wilson, Ben Affleck, Steve Buscemi, disaster, Billy Bob Thornton, Michael Bay, Liv Tyler
3 I prefer Amanda Peet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	2012

1 Men in Black, The Birdcage, Fargo, Jerry Maguire, Grosse Pointe Blank, Chasing Amy, and Sleepers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Trainspotting
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, british, 1980s, Ewan McGregor, addiction, heroin, Danny Boyle, drug addiction, united kingdom, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, scottish, Irvine Welsh, edinburgh, Kevin McKidd, Jonny Lee Miller, drug
3 I like Kinji Fukasaku movies more. Do you know anything else?	Street Mobster

1 I love The Firm, Forrest Gump, and Crimson Tide. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Stargate
2 What else is that about?	military, science fiction, mythology, Kurt Russell, wormhole, James Spader, Stargate
3 I prefer Steve Coogan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Around the World in 80 Days

1 I loved Pretty Woman, Tin Cup, Speechless, Much Ado About Nothing, Disclosure, Ghost, and Dave. I'm looking for a Christina Ricci movie.	Casper
2 What else is that about?	Family, ghosts, Christina Ricci, Ghost, Eric Idle
3 I rate Samuel L. Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Snake Moan

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Full Monty, Rushmore, Heat, Spider-Man, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and Amélie are movies I like. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I rate Tadanobu Asano movies. Any other suggestions?	Survive Style 5+

1 Gone with the Wind, Batman, As Good as It Gets, The Diary of Anne Frank, Good Will Hunting, The Little Mermaid, and The Bodyguard are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hirokazu Koreeda movie.	Maborosi
2 What else is that about?	Tadanobu Asano, Hirokazu Koreeda
3 I like siblings movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nobody Knows

1 I liked Babe, Casablanca, French Kiss, Pulp Fiction, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, and The Blues Brothers. I'm looking for a Jennifer Aniston movie.	She's the One
2 Who does that star?	Edward Burns
3 I like Steve Zahn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Management

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Forrest Gump, Kingpin, Out of Sight, Reservoir Dogs, There's Something About Mary, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Payback
2 What else is that about?	classic, r, Mel Gibson, Brian Helgeland
3 I rate sequel movies. Any other suggestions?	Lethal Weapon 2

1 Pinocchio, Nashville, Mean Streets, Ghost World, The War of the Worlds, Help!, and Peter Pan are films I love. I'm looking for an environment movie.	Silent Running
2 What else is that about?	environmental, environment
3 I prefer ocean movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Oceans

1 The Fifth Element, Alien, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Fargo, Blade Runner, The Usual Suspects, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Event Horizon
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Sam Neill, Laurence Fishburne
3 I prefer nurse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Not of This Earth

1 I watched the films Babe, Jurassic Park, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, The Sound of Music, Cinderella, Pinocchio, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and loved them. I'm looking for a Simon Wincer movie.	Operation Dumbo Drop
2 What else is that about?	Simon Wincer
3 I like australian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles

1 I liked Alien, Tomorrow Never Dies, The Shawshank Redemption, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Lion King, Toy Story, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a marvel movie.	Blade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Vampires, marvel, vampire, Wesley Snipes, Stephen Norrington
3 I prefer Rob Bowman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elektra

1 Ghost in the Shell, The Silence of the Lambs, Tank Girl, The Piano, Ed Wood, Taxi Driver, and The Crow are movies I love. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Jackie Chan, hong kong
3 I rate Fighting movies. Any other suggestions?	Mortal Kombat

1 There Will Be Blood, Badlands, Stalker, Gummo, The Sacrifice, Possession, and The Wicker Man are films I liked. I'm looking for an El Dorado movie.	Aguirre, the Wrath of God
2 Who does that star?	Klaus Kinski

1 Father of the Bride Part II, In the Line of Fire, The Crow, Braveheart, A Walk in the Clouds, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Toy Story are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Specialist
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Sharon Stone
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Streets of Fire

1 Lethal Weapon, Good Will Hunting, Braveheart, 300, The NeverEnding Story, Men in Black, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	Of Mice and Men
2 What else is that about?	John Malkovich, Gary Sinise, John Steinbeck
3 I prefer Steven Spielberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Empire of the Sun

1 Yellow Submarine, A Close Shave, American Beauty, That Thing You Do!, A Fish Called Wanda, Keeping the Faith, and Hear My Song are films I liked. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt
3 I prefer Bruce Dern movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drive, He Said

1 The Thin Man, A Grand Day Out, Body Heat, Casablanca, The Apartment, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and Fried Green Tomatoes are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Night Shift
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Henry Winkler, Shelley Long
3 I rate Juliette Lewis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Other Sister

1 Toy Story, Braveheart, Taxi Driver, Casino, Ed Wood, The Crow, and Clueless are films I love. I'm looking for a Sylvester Stallone movie.	Cliffhanger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, mountains, Renny Harlin, John Lithgow, harlin
3 I like Mickey Rourke movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Expendables

1 Seven Samurai, Eyes Wide Shut, The 39 Steps, The African Queen, Vertigo, The Wizard of Oz, and An American in Paris are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Quiet Man
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, John Wayne, John Ford, Maureen O'Hara
3 I prefer 1930s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sleeping Dictionary

1 I like Rushmore, Blade Runner, Double Indemnity, Ghostbusters, The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a survival movie.	Touching the Void
2 Who does that star?	Joe Simpson
3 I rate Giovanni Ribisi movies. Any other suggestions?	Flight of the Phoenix

1 Pulp Fiction, The Fugitive, and True Lies are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Outbreak
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo
3 I like Lucy Liu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 Amélie, Hotel Rwanda, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Big Lebowski, Big Fish, Spirited Away, and The Graduate are films I love. I'm looking for a jeunet movie.	A Very Long Engagement
2 What else is that about?	War, r, French, world war i, Audrey Tautou, jeunet
3 I rate apartment movies. Any other suggestions?	Delicatessen

1 Heat, The Dark Knight Rises, Body of Lies, Inception, Braveheart, The Godfather, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Man on Fire
2 What else is that about?	Action, Revenge, r, Denzel Washington, Christopher Walken, mexico, Dakota Fanning, Tony Scott, Radha Mitchell, bodyguard
3 I prefer January Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seeking Justice

1 I liked The Apartment, Fantasia, Willow, The Full Monty, Psycho, Shrek, and A Streetcar Named Desire. I'm looking for a germany movie.	Swing Kids
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Robert Sean Leonard, Frank Whaley
3 I prefer Udo Kier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Europa

1 I like For Love of the Game, The Full Monty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Better Than Chocolate, The Silence of the Lambs, Bringing Out the Dead, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Night Porter
2 Who does that star?	Charlotte Rampling, Dirk Bogarde
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Fight Club, Sin City, Howl's Moving Castle, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Spirited Away, Aladdin, and The Blues Brothers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a harry potter movie.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
2 Who is that directed by?	David Yates
3 I rate Mike Newell movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

1 I love Face/Off, The Rock, Saw, The Legend of Zorro, Transporter 2, Salt, and The Departed. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Passenger 57
2 What else is that about?	Action, Wesley Snipes, Kevin Hooks
3 I like Luc Besson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lucy

1 The Rock, Apollo 13, True Lies, and Sabrina are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Richard Dreyfuss movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 What else is that about?	Music, High School, teacher, William H. Macy, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Herek, Olympia Dukakis
3 I like riley steele movies more. Do you know anything else?	Piranha 3D

1 I love Being John Malkovich, Tombstone, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Beetlejuice, The Usual Suspects, The Matrix, and True Romance. I'm looking for a star wars movie.	Spaceballs
2 What else is that about?	classic, space, parody, star wars, Mel Brooks, John Candy, Rick Moranis, Bill Pullman
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back

1 The Secret of Roan Inish, Moulin Rouge!, SLC Punk!, A Clockwork Orange, Waking Life, Shrek, and Great Expectations are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Hilary Brougher
3 I rate Adam Fields movies. Any other suggestions?	One-Eyed Monster

1 Fargo, The Princess Bride, Seven Samurai, Fight Club, A Clockwork Orange, Metropolis, and The Fisher King are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Big Lebowski
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, John Goodman, Jeff Bridges, Steve Buscemi
3 I rate Andrew McCarthy movies. Any other suggestions?	Night of the Running Man

1 Hoop Dreams, Meet Joe Black, Saving Private Ryan, The Green Mile, American Beauty, Out of Sight, and Schindler's List are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Renée Zellweger
3 I prefer Emily Blunt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Edge of Tomorrow

1 Hotel Rwanda, Inglourious Basterds, Amélie, Toy Story, Into the Wild, and Ice Age are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Bad Education
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sexuality, Love, Spanish, meta, sexual abuse, Priest, almodovar, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer Raja Gosnell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scooby-Doo

1 The Notebook and I Am Sam are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cold Mountain
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Natalie Portman, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Epic, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, civil war, american civil war, Donald Sutherland, Anthony Minghella
3 I like video games movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wizard

1 The Experiment, Red Dragon, Amistad, The Matrix, Signs, The Game, and Back to the Future are films I really like. I'm looking for a Jenna Elfman movie.	Keeping the Faith
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Norton
3 I like Will Gluck movies more. Do you know anything else?	Friends with Benefits

1 Sabrina, Romeo + Juliet, Pretty Woman, Much Ado About Nothing, Shakespeare in Love, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Bringing Up Baby are films I love. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	I.Q.
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Fred Schepisi
3 I rate Matthew Broderick movies. Any other suggestions?	Addicted to Love

1 Goodfellas, Citizen Kane, The Usual Suspects, American History X, Leaving Las Vegas, The Godfather, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boogie Nights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, 1970s, Mark Wahlberg, Paul Thomas Anderson, 70s
3 I prefer Jude Law movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shopping

1 I really like Inglourious Basterds, The Dark Knight, Spirited Away, Batman Begins, The Usual Suspects, American Psycho, and Man on Fire. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	No Country for Old Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Thriller, r, coen brothers, Tommy Lee Jones, Texas, Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, landscape, Cormac McCarthy
3 I rate David Hyde Pierce movies. Any other suggestions?	The Perfect Host

1 The Long Kiss Goodnight, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Bordello of Blood, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Dial M for Murder, Heavy Metal, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a Cheech Marin movie.	Up in Smoke
2 Who is that directed by?	Tommy Chong, Lou Adler
3 I rate Ethan Maniquis movies. Any other suggestions?	Machete

1 Due Date, District 9, The Usual Suspects, A Close Shave, A Bug's Life, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Lethal Weapon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mark Wahlberg movie.	Four Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	John Singleton
3 I like Jonathan Demme movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Truth About Charlie

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Fugitive, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stylized, violence, black comedy, Crime, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, r, dialogue, original, Samuel L. Jackson, humor, own, Uma Thurman, characters, John Travolta, tarantino, noir, cult, non-linear, ironic, mob, Pulp, conversation, unconventional, pop culture references, style, Roger Avary, mobster, monologue, post-modern
3 I prefer criterion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Honeymoon Killers

1 In Bruges, A Clockwork Orange, Charlie's Angels, The Silence of the Lambs, Up, Shutter Island, and Braveheart are movies I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Croods
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Sanders
3 I rate Brad Bird movies. Any other suggestions?	Ratatouille

1 I love L.A. Confidential, Reservoir Dogs, Blade Runner, North by Northwest, Heathers, Alien, and All the President's Men. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Talk to Her
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar

1 Braveheart, Crash, The Godfather, Gladiator, The Matrix, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a wormhole movie.	Interstellar
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I rate Roland Emmerich movies. Any other suggestions?	Stargate

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Iron Man, The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy, Inception, Seven Samurai, and The Dark Knight are movies I love. I'm looking for a fight movie.	Rocky II
2 What else is that about?	franchise, Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Burt Young, Burgess Meredith, Talia Shire, fight, stallone, tony burton, Rocky

1 Short Cuts, Heathers, Wild Things, Schindler's List, The Godfather, Shrek 2, and La Femme Nikita are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Menace II Society
2 What else is that about?	los angeles
3 I rate Mikhail Kalatozov movies. Any other suggestions?	Letter Never Sent

1 Back to the Future, Big Night, It Happened One Night, Raising Arizona, Little Big Man, Carrie, and Microcosmos are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Meet John Doe
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Frank Capra, Barbara Stanwyck, Gary Cooper
3 I prefer Anatole Litvak movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Snake Pit

1 I loved White Squall, Primal Fear, Phenomenon, Liar Liar, Private Parts, Maximum Risk, and Broken Arrow. I'm looking for a Pierce Brosnan movie.	Dante's Peak
2 Who does that star?	Pierce Brosnan, Linda Hamilton, Jamie Renée Smith, Jeremy Foley
3 I like Olga Kurylenko movies more. Do you know anything else?	The November Man

1 Ocean's Twelve, Dr. No, The World Is Not Enough, GoldenEye, Pulp Fiction, True Lies, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	Spies Like Us
2 What else is that about?	Chevy Chase, John Landis
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Fletch

1 I loved The Blues Brothers, Taxi Driver, Memento, The Station Agent, Some Like It Hot, A Clockwork Orange, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Rules of the Game
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jean Renoir, Class
3 I rate Danish movies. Any other suggestions?	Italian for Beginners

1 I liked La Grande Illusion, In Bruges, The Maltese Falcon, Reservoir Dogs, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Hero, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	Midnight in Paris
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Paris, Woody Allen, Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Adrien Brody, nostalgia, Marion Cotillard, Kathy Bates
3 I prefer Julie Delpy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before Sunset

1 A River Runs Through It, Back to the Future, The Ice Storm, Memento, The Man in the Iron Mask, Home for the Holidays, and Sling Blade are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All the Right Moves
2 What else is that about?	football
3 I prefer Vittorio De Sica movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Children Are Watching Us

1 A Christmas Story, Airplane!, Groundhog Day, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Casablanca, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Die Hard are films I love. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	Fletch
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, Michael Ritchie
3 I like John Landis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spies Like Us

1 Blade Runner, Goodfellas, Some Like It Hot, It's a Wonderful Life, Young Frankenstein, The Terminator, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I like. I'm looking for a Scott Glenn movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I rate Danny Glover movies. Any other suggestions?	Silverado

1 Gladiator, Ocean's Eleven, Dirty Dancing, Spy Game, Jerry Maguire, The Virgin Suicides, and National Lampoon's Vacation are movies I like. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	Return to Paradise
2 What else is that about?	Joaquin Phoenix, Joseph Ruben
3 I rate historical movies. Any other suggestions?	Gladiator

1 The Lawnmower Man, Minority Report, Castle in the Sky, Primer, The Terminator, The Man from Earth, and The Mist are movies I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Scanner Darkly
2 What else is that about?	Animation, r, Keanu Reeves, Philip K. Dick, animated, Woody Harrelson, Winona Ryder, surveillance, Richard Linklater, drug addiction, rotoscope, tag, sin
3 I like Sylvain Chomet movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Triplets of Belleville

1 I watched the films Blue Valentine, Crash, The Truman Show, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, Spirited Away, 5 Centimeters Per Second, and United 93 and loved them. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, Musical, soundtrack, Lars von Trier, united states, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse
3 I prefer Henry King movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carousel

1 I loved L.A. Confidential, Vanya on 42nd Street, It's a Wonderful Life, Casablanca, To Kill a Mockingbird, Rushmore, and 12 Angry Men. I'm looking for a Whit Stillman movie.	Metropolitan
2 What else is that about?	Whit Stillman
3 I rate criterion movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Days of Disco

1 Face/Off, Turbulence, The Journey of August King, House Arrest, The Beautician and the Beast, Breakdown, and Hercules are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Elmore Leonard movie.	Touch
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Schrader
3 I like Richard Fleischer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Majestyk

1 Dances with Wolves, Full Metal Jacket, Das Boot, Empire of the Sun, Aladdin, Good Will Hunting, and Shrek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a quest movie.	The NeverEnding Story
2 Who does that star?	Barret Oliver
3 I rate David Bowie movies. Any other suggestions?	Labyrinth

1 The Matrix, Armageddon, Dogma, Mallrats, Killing Zoe, The Negotiator, and Days of Thunder are films I loved. I'm looking for a stoner movie.	Friday
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I rate Danny Leiner movies. Any other suggestions?	Dude, Where's My Car?

1 The English Patient, Aladdin, The Godfather, The Tin Drum, Braveheart, Speed, and Trainspotting are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Marlon Brando movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Score

1 I loved Goodfellas, The Matrix, Rounders, The Game, Wayne's World, The Patriot, and Pleasantville. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Thirteenth Floor
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Vincent D'Onofrio, Gretchen Mol
3 I rate Carol Reed movies. Any other suggestions?	Night Train to Munich

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Pearl Harbor, The Matrix, U-571, The Killing Fields, Das Boot, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Somewhere in Time
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Hotel, Richard Matheson, playwright, Jane Seymour
3 I prefer stories movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Waxworks

1 I watched the films 12 Angry Men, Citizen Kane, Das Boot, Groundhog Day, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Unforgiven, and Mulholland Drive and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Munich
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Matty Rich movies. Any other suggestions?	The Inkwell

1 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Die Hard, The Avengers, The Usual Suspects, The Shining, The Matrix, and The Thomas Crown Affair are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a biblical movie.	The Ten Commandments
2 What else is that about?	biblical, Cecil B. DeMille
3 I prefer egypt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Prince of Egypt

1 Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, Get Shorty, Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, and Clear and Present Danger are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Philadelphia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Tom Hanks, homosexuality, Denzel Washington, aids, homophobia, Jonathan Demme, demme
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Salvador

1 Fight Club, Courage Under Fire, The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, Scent of a Woman, Reservoir Dogs, and Pleasantville are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A River Runs Through It
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, Brad Pitt, Robert Redford, Montana, Brenda Blethyn
3 I rate Alexander Korda movies. Any other suggestions?	The Private Life of Don Juan

1 Manhattan, The Contender, Mr. Holland's Opus, Dances with Wolves, Up in the Air, The American President, and Dead Man Walking are movies I liked. I'm looking for a stutter movie.	The King's Speech
2 Who does that star?	Helena Bonham Carter, Colin Firth

1 The Sweet Hereafter, Nashville, Cabaret, Key Largo, Help!, Victor Victoria, and The Elephant Man are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Eddie Murphy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I rate Crime movies. Any other suggestions?	48 Hrs.

1 Jackie Brown, The Exorcist, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Lost in Translation, The Silence of the Lambs, and 8½ are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Roommates movie.	4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days
2 What else is that about?	abortion, romania, university, palme d'or, Cristian Mungiu, Roommates

1 True Lies, Superman, The Sting, Psycho, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Holiday Inn, and The Dirty Dozen are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	August Rush
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical
3 I prefer biographical? movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ray

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Bourne Supremacy, Saving Private Ryan, Wedding Crashers, Animal House, Ghostbusters, and Die Hard are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Old School
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Will Ferrell, College, Vince Vaughn, fraternity, Luke Wilson, Todd Phillips
3 I rate Danny DeVito movies. Any other suggestions?	Get Shorty

1 Fargo, Beauty and the Beast, The Terminator, Cool Hand Luke, Shrek, The Jungle Book, and Network are films I love. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	Patton
2 Who does that star?	George C. Scott, Karl Malden
3 I prefer Vivien Leigh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone with the Wind

1 Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, The Sound of Music, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, Beauty and the Beast, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Moore movie.	Canadian Bacon
2 Who does that star?	John Candy
3 I prefer Trace Adkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An American Carol

1 I like Honeymoon in Vegas, Die Hard 2, Lost Highway, U.S. Marshals, Fargo, Kingpin, and The Perfect Storm. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Ninth Gate
2 What else is that about?	Roman Polanski, Devil
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	U.S. Marshals

1 Citizen Kane, The Big Sleep, Singin' in the Rain, On the Waterfront, Rear Window, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I love. I'm looking for a Grace Kelly movie.	Dial M for Murder
2 Who does that star?	Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings
3 I prefer Frank Sinatra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Society

1 Pan's Labyrinth, Cocoon, Gladiator, Dead Man Walking, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Philadelphia Story, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Once
2 What else is that about?	Music, r, Musical, soundtrack, musicians, ireland, Irish, dublin, musician, John Carney
3 I prefer aging movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wrestler

1 Fight Club, Vanilla Sky, Pulp Fiction, L.A. Confidential, The Shining, Road Trip, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I liked. I'm looking for an ocean movie.	Ocean's Eleven
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Captain Phillips

1 Black Sheep, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Beverly Hills Ninja, The Nutty Professor, and Kingpin are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, golf, hockey, Dennis Dugan
3 I like Wesley Snipes movies more. Do you know anything else?	White Men Can't Jump

1 I like Sense and Sensibility, Toy Story, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, and Emma. I'm looking for a Chris Cooper movie.	Lone Star
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, small town, Texas, Chris Cooper, John Sayles
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Patriot

1 I loved The Fugitive, Aladdin, Addams Family Values, Clueless, In the Name of the Father, Ed Wood, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Shawn Sourgose movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blood of Redemption

1 The Godfather, Jackie Brown, Fight Club, The Insider, Falling Down, Pulp Fiction, and Office Space are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man
2 What else is that about?	Mickey Rourke, Don Johnson
3 I prefer sequel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Jewel of the Nile

1 I liked The Black Stallion Returns, Silverado, Field of Dreams, Little Shop of Horrors, Bloodsport, The Sting, and Driving Miss Daisy. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Swing Shift
2 Who does that star?	Kurt Russell, Fred Ward, Goldie Hawn, Christine Lahti
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Fifth Element, Pulp Fiction, The Hunger Games, Frozen, Django Unchained, Stargate, and Lord of War are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jack Reacher
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher McQuarrie
3 I like John Dahl movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joy Ride

1 I really like The Sweet Hereafter, La Femme Nikita, Unforgiven, Fargo, Election, The Crying Game, and Titanic. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	The Winslow Boy
2 Who does that star?	Gemma Jones, Nigel Hawthorne, Rebecca Pidgeon
3 I rate Don Ameche movies. Any other suggestions?	Things Change

1 Fried Green Tomatoes, Immortal Beloved, A Fish Called Wanda, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Apollo 13, Dirty Dancing, and Four Weddings and a Funeral are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Henry V
2 What else is that about?	War, british, directorial debut, shakespeare, Emma Thompson, Kenneth Branagh
3 I like usa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Traffic

1 Dances with Wolves, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Shane, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Hustler, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I loved. I'm looking for a Divorce movie.	Kramer vs. Kramer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Divorce, Robert Benton
3 I rate Danny DeVito movies. Any other suggestions?	The War of the Roses

1 The Godfather, James and the Giant Peach, Ransom, The Rock, The Nutty Professor, Primal Fear, and Jerry Maguire are movies I love. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Moll Flanders
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Robin Wright
3 I like Paz Vega movies more. Do you know anything else?	10 Items or Less

1 I watched the films Dune, Drunken Master, Chocolat, The Kentucky Fried Movie, Benji, Evil Dead II, and Yellow Submarine and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Drama, satire, Music, cinematography, r, sexuality, story, Love, Kevin Spacey, cynical, own, midlife crisis, 3, Sam Mendes, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, beauty, Mena Suvari, mid-life crisis, Allison Janney
3 I rate 90s movies. Any other suggestions?	Monster

1 Go, Scary Movie, The Usual Suspects, Rush Hour, Hot Shots!, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Beauty and the Beast are films I really liked. I'm looking for a rush hour series movie.	Rush Hour 3
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, martial arts, Police, Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker, rush hour series

1 Psycho, The Piano, The Jungle Book, Girl, Interrupted, Buffalo '66, The Shining, and Pan's Labyrinth are movies I love. I'm looking for a Petter Næss movie.	Elling
2 What else is that about?	r, Petter Næss

1 Moulin Rouge!, Braveheart, In the Line of Fire, The Bourne Ultimatum, A Few Good Men, Gladiator, and Apollo 13 are films I like. I'm looking for a bond movie.	The Spy Who Loved Me
2 Who does that star?	Roger Moore, Curd Jürgens, Barbara Bach
3 I rate Sean Connery movies. Any other suggestions?	You Only Live Twice

1 The Rock, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The Piano are films I like. I'm looking for an alien invasion movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Ender's Game

1 I liked Alien, The Player, Waiting for Guffman, Best in Show, Stripes, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Babe. I'm looking for a series movie.	The Return of the Pink Panther
2 What else is that about?	Peter Sellers, series
3 I rate Danny Glover movies. Any other suggestions?	Lethal Weapon

1 I really liked Fight Club, The Dark Knight, As Good as It Gets, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Inception, The Matrix, and Ratatouille. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fantastic Mr. Fox
2 What else is that about?	Bill Murray, George Clooney, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Meryl Streep, Roald Dahl, Jason Schwartzman, Foxes
3 I prefer Robert Altman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Wedding

1 The Godfather, Good Will Hunting, The Boondock Saints, The Hunt for Red October, Full Metal Jacket, Watchmen, and Million Dollar Baby are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The King's Speech
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, War, r, historical, acting, London, Helena Bonham Carter, Colin Firth, australian, Geoffrey Rush, language, united kingdom, Tom Hooper, stuttering, king, historic, speech, stutter
3 I rate Clark Gable movies. Any other suggestions?	San Francisco

1 I loved On the Waterfront, Lolita, From the Hip, Fight Club, The African Queen, Hatari!, and Quiz Show. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes
3 I rate Max Wall movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Dorrit

1 Speed, Schindler's List, Crimson Tide, Beauty and the Beast, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta
3 I like Angela Lansbury movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mirror Crack'd

1 The Crying Game, Charade, Irma Vep, Sense and Sensibility, The Duellists, T-Men, and Carrie are films I loved. I'm looking for a Dutch movie.	Soldier of Orange
2 What else is that about?	Paul Verhoeven, Dutch

1 I watched the films The Great Escape, The World Is Not Enough, True Lies, American Graffiti, When Harry Met Sally..., Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Legends of the Fall and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Payback
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Maria Bello, Gregg Henry, David Paymer
3 I like Denzel Washington movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bone Collector

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Groundhog Day, Casablanca, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Sting, Rob Roy, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I prefer Madonna movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Desperately Seeking Susan

1 The Net, Schindler's List, The Lion King, Pulp Fiction, Casino, Independence Day, and Jurassic Park are films I really like. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I prefer Chad Michael Murray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Left Behind

1 The Edge, Forrest Gump, October Sky, The Man Who Would Be King, Good Will Hunting, The Spanish Prisoner, and Groundhog Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sigourney Weaver movie.	The Year of Living Dangerously
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I like Ivan Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghostbusters

1 Catch-22, The Grapes of Wrath, Rain Man, Shakespeare in Love, My Life as a Dog, Saving Private Ryan, and Toy Story 2 are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Vampire's Kiss
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Jennifer Beals, Elizabeth Ashley
3 I rate Danny DeVito movies. Any other suggestions?	Ruthless People

1 Crash, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Muppet Movie, Risky Business, Boiler Room, and Patriot Games are films I really like. I'm looking for a Jennifer Saunders movie.	Muppet Treasure Island
2 Who does that star?	Billy Connolly, Tim Curry, Jennifer Saunders, Kevin Bishop

1 Trading Places, Men in Black, The Blues Brothers, Swingers, National Lampoon's Vacation, Office Space, and There's Something About Mary are movies I love. I'm looking for a hockey movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, golf, hockey, Dennis Dugan
3 I prefer figure skating movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cutting Edge

1 Independence Day, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, Forrest Gump, Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, and True Lies are films I love. I'm looking for a sheep movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate new zealand movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Sheep

1 Junior, Tank Girl, Independence Day, Cool Hand Luke, Tombstone, Home Alone, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I like Paz Vega movies more. Do you know anything else?	10 Items or Less

1 The Godfather, American Beauty, A Bug's Life, The Thin Blue Line, The Wizard of Oz, The Exorcist, and Annie Hall are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	In the Company of Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil LaBute
3 I prefer H.C. Potter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Lucky

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, That Thing You Do!, Almost Famous, Life Is Beautiful, There's Something About Mary, High Fidelity, and The Sting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Brighton Beach Memoirs
2 Who does that star?	Blythe Danner, Jonathan Silverman
3 I rate Frank Sinatra movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tender Trap

1 Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Australia, wedding, australian, Toni Collette, Rachel Griffiths
3 I like Chicago movies more. Do you know anything else?	Return to Me

1 I like American Beauty, The Sixth Sense, Clerks, Man on the Moon, American Pie, Being John Malkovich, and Magnolia. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kingpin
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, sports, Woody Harrelson, farrelly brothers, Randy Quaid
3 I like Adam Sandler movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wedding Singer

1 Pinocchio, Dead Man Walking, Schindler's List, Beauty and the Beast, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Death and the Maiden
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I like John Krasinski movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brief Interviews with Hideous Men

1 High Fidelity, True Romance, Mars Attacks!, Ronin, Army of Darkness, The Limey, and Once Upon a Time in the West are films I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Iron Giant
2 What else is that about?	Animation, military, cold war, Jennifer Aniston, Vin Diesel, Brad Bird, maine
3 I like Phil Lord movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 Annie Hall, Eat Drink Man Woman, The Man Who Would Be King, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Dangerous Liaisons, Seven Samurai, and The Killing Fields are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Seven Beauties
2 Who does that star?	Fernando Rey, Giancarlo Giannini, Shirley Stoler
3 I prefer Margaret Lindsay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	British Intelligence

1 The Matrix, The Great Escape, Ben-Hur, 300, Saving Private Ryan, Aliens, and Die Hard are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer Swedish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Seventh Seal

1 I love First Knight, Ghost, Casino, The Client, The Juror, The Rock, and Heat. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Little Buddha
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Chris Isaak
3 I like Cameron Diaz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Feeling Minnesota

1 The Return of the Pink Panther, Doctor Zhivago, Heaven Can Wait, Ladyhawke, Mister Roberts, Romancing the Stone, and Home Alone are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Forget Paris
2 What else is that about?	basketball, Billy Crystal, Debra Winger
3 I rate rome movies. Any other suggestions?	To Rome with Love

1 Taxi Driver, Schindler's List, Key Largo, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Chinatown, American Pie, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Brian De Palma movie.	Carrie
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma

1 Grave of the Fireflies, The Shawshank Redemption, Scent of a Woman, Modern Times, Akira, Ghost in the Shell, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Cell
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Jennifer Lopez, Vincent D'Onofrio
3 I rate Kelly Hu movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tournament

1 I like Life Is Beautiful, Spartacus, Rain Man, The Sting, Bonnie and Clyde, Basic Instinct, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Prison, national film registry, Paul Newman, George Kennedy, Stuart Rosenberg
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Letter

1 Contact, The Shawshank Redemption, Emma, Apollo 13, Cold Comfort Farm, As Good as It Gets, and The Rainmaker are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I prefer Hugh Grant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Notting Hill

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Life Is Beautiful, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Dogville, Lord of War, Forrest Gump, and The Incredibles are movies I loved. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Battle of Britain
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Hamilton
3 I prefer Brian G. Hutton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kelly's Heroes

1 Fight Club, American Beauty, Pulp Fiction, Arizona Dream, The Others, Let the Right One In, and Night on Earth are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	The Orphanage
2 What else is that about?	Horror, r, childhood, Guillermo del Toro, Spanish, Mask, orphanage, House
3 I prefer civil war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil's Backbone

1 I watched the films Alien, Goodfellas, The Matrix, Toy Story, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Ghostbusters and loved them. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I rate classic movies. Any other suggestions?	Bambi

1 Jane Eyre, French Kiss, A Time to Kill, The Fugitive, Schindler's List, The English Patient, and Black Sheep are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Howard Deutch movie.	Grumpier Old Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sequel, Old, Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Howard Deutch
3 I like Prom movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pretty in Pink

1 I love The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Philadelphia, Schindler's List, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a George P. Cosmatos movie.	Tombstone
2 What else is that about?	r, acting, Western, Val Kilmer, Kurt Russell, gunfight, Bill Paxton, Arizona, Michael Biehn, George P. Cosmatos, outlaws, Sam Elliott, west
3 I rate Sylvester Stallone movies. Any other suggestions?	Cobra

1 I loved Stigmata, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, How to Train Your Dragon, Phenomenon, Pan's Labyrinth, Live Free or Die Hard, and March of the Penguins. I'm looking for a swashbuckler movie.	The Legend of Zorro
2 What else is that about?	Antonio Banderas, swashbuckler
3 I like Rouben Mamoulian movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mark of Zorro

1 I really like While You Were Sleeping, The Adventures of Milo and Otis, Best in Show, Batman, The Jungle Book, X-Men, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a Michael Curtiz movie.	The Adventures of Robin Hood
2 What else is that about?	swashbuckler, Michael Curtiz, Robin Hood, Errol Flynn, William Keighley, Olivia de Havilland, Outlaw
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Breaking Point

1 I liked The Wrong Trousers, Castle in the Sky, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Red Beard, The Simpsons Movie, My Neighbor Totoro, and Swiss Family Robinson. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Tokyo Godfathers
2 What else is that about?	anime, japan, Satoshi Kon
3 I like kaiju movies more. Do you know anything else?	Destroy All Monsters

1 Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, Mr. Holland's Opus, Forrest Gump, Nell, and Independence Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I rate Halle Berry movies. Any other suggestions?	The Call

1 I like The Abyss, The World Is Not Enough, U-571, Men in Black, The Negotiator, Twister, and GoldenEye. I'm looking for a Mimi Leder movie.	The Peacemaker
2 What else is that about?	George Clooney, Nicole Kidman, Mimi Leder
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pay It Forward

1 Traffic, Casablanca, Moonstruck, Vertical Limit, Dial M for Murder, In the Heat of the Night, and The Joy Luck Club are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Anna and the King
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, 19th century, thailand, siam
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joan of Arc

1 I liked Blazing Saddles, Rat Race, 12 Angry Men, Trading Places, Fargo, Run Lola Run, and Courage Under Fire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	And Now for Something Completely Different
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, monty python, John Cleese
3 I rate Jack Black movies. Any other suggestions?	Kung Fu Panda

1 The Big Blue, Fight Club, Aliens, Night of the Living Dead, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Tora! Tora! Tora!, and Romeo + Juliet are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Porco Rosso
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, miyazaki
3 I like Tim Curry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Muppet Treasure Island

1 I like Office Space, The Endless Summer, Cube, Stop Making Sense, Fargo, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Glengarry Glen Ross. I'm looking for a Pierce Brosnan movie.	GoldenEye
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench
3 I like panama movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tailor of Panama

1 I really liked Manhattan, All the President's Men, Rebel Without a Cause, American Beauty, Psycho, The Maltese Falcon, and Serpico. I'm looking for a 3 movie.	Burden of Dreams
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Blank
3 I like Lee Unkrich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Monsters, Inc.

1 Identity, Saw, The Butterfly Effect, Bad Boys, Spider-Man 2, Gangs of New York, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mathieu Kassovitz movie.	The Crimson Rivers
2 Who is that directed by?	Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I rate Jez Butterworth movies. Any other suggestions?	Birthday Girl

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Crimson Tide, A Time to Kill, The Fugitive, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Willow

1 I love Smoke, Babel, Lost in Translation, Gran Torino, American Beauty, 21 Grams, and The Elephant Man. I'm looking for a Wilderness movie.	Into the Wild
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, survival, Sean Penn, Kristen Stewart, Wilderness, 1990s, alaska, travel, Emile Hirsch, Catherine Keener, William Hurt, Hal Holbrook
3 I like helsinki movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Year of the Hare

1 I really like The Royal Tenenbaums, Blade Runner, Grindhouse, True Romance, The Big Lebowski, Office Space, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. I'm looking for a hong kong movie.	Fallen Angels
2 Who does that star?	Takeshi Kaneshiro, Charlie Yeung, Leon Lai, Michelle Reis
3 I prefer Carina Lau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forbidden City Cop

1 Run Lola Run, King Kong, The Wages of Fear, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Amazon Women on the Moon, Blazing Saddles, and Forgotten Silver are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Orgazmo
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Trey Parker, Matt Stone
3 I prefer Julien Temple movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Secret Policeman's Other Ball

1 A Beautiful Mind, Donnie Brasco, Papillon, Almost Famous, Get Shorty, Miller's Crossing, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I like. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Meet the Parents
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Jay Roach, Teri Polo
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Brazil

1 I love The Seventh Seal, The Passion of Joan of Arc, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, The Bridge on the River Kwai, True Romance, Das Boot, and 12 Angry Men. I'm looking for an Ingmar Bergman movie.	Through a Glass Darkly
2 What else is that about?	Ingmar Bergman
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Autumn Sonata

1 L.A. Confidential, Funny Girl, Forrest Gump, Meet the Parents, Lawrence of Arabia, Made, and South Pacific are films I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Funny Face
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Audrey Hepburn, Fred Astaire, Stanley Donen
3 I prefer John Travolta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grease

1 Fight Club, The Incredibles, Shallow Hal, Princess Mononoke, School of Rock, Finding Nemo, and Cinderella Man are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rat Race
2 Who does that star?	Breckin Meyer
3 I like Frank Sudol movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Fury

1 The General, A Close Shave, My Chauffeur, Ghostbusters, A Christmas Carol, The Gay Divorcee, and Chicken Run are movies I like. I'm looking for a George Stevens movie.	A Damsel in Distress
2 What else is that about?	George Stevens
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Woman of the Year

1 I love Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Rock, X-Men, The Butterfly Effect, The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Identity, and Happy Gilmore. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mummy
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Horror, Rachel Weisz, Brendan Fraser, mummy, John Hannah, Stephen Sommers, sand
3 I rate David Bowie movies. Any other suggestions?	Labyrinth

1 I like Schindler's List, Courage Under Fire, The Replacement Killers, The Client, Pay It Forward, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark Victory

1 I liked The City of Lost Children, Ghost in the Shell, Outbreak, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Batman, Clerks, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I like murder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Brooks

1 L.A. Confidential, The Gods Must Be Crazy, La Femme Nikita, Clerks, The Killing Fields, Speed, and Office Space are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Very Bad Things
2 What else is that about?	Peter Berg
3 I prefer Geena Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Speechless

1 I liked The Negotiator, The Hunt for Red October, Armageddon, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jurassic Park, Speed, and The African Queen. I'm looking for a president movie.	Air Force One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, president, Wolfgang Petersen, Glenn Close
3 I rate Katie Holmes movies. Any other suggestions?	First Daughter

1 A Clockwork Orange, The Exorcist, Dawn of the Dead, The Dark Knight, Bad Lieutenant, Teeth, and Sudden Impact are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	New Jack City
2 What else is that about?	Wesley Snipes, crime drama
3 I like Lena Olin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Romeo Is Bleeding

1 Knocked Up, Miller's Crossing, Titanic, Lolita, The Shining, Fargo, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for a vietnam movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I like Tom Cruise movies more. Do you know anything else?	Born on the Fourth of July

1 Stand by Me, Ring, The Wicker Man, My Own Private Idaho, Dogfight, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and October Sky are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Two for the Road
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen
3 I like Gene Quintano movies more. Do you know anything else?	Loaded Weapon 1

1 Papillon, Lone Star, Crooklyn, The Godfather, The Butcher Boy, Breaker Morant, and The Color of Paradise are films I love. I'm looking for a Joe Mantegna movie.	House of Games
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, David Mamet, mamet, Joe Mantegna
3 I like William H. Macy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Homicide

1 Rudy, Lake Placid, Con Air, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Stargate, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Time Machine
2 Who does that star?	Rod Taylor, Alan Young, Yvette Mimieux
3 I rate Elizabeth Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	A Place in the Sun

1 There Will Be Blood, American Beauty, Princess Mononoke, The Man Who Wasn't There, Brokeback Mountain, Sin City, and Once Upon a Time in the West are movies I liked. I'm looking for a José Padilha movie.	Bus 174
2 What else is that about?	Police, Documentary, Brazil, Hostage, José Padilha
3 I prefer bope movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elite Squad

1 Ghostbusters, Eyes Wide Shut, American Beauty, The Sixth Sense, Shakespeare in Love, Jaws, and Night of the Living Dead are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Event Horizon
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Sam Neill, Laurence Fishburne
3 I prefer Ron Perlman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Sell the Dead

1 I watched the films Rocky, Breaker Morant, Reservoir Dogs, Raising Arizona, The Princess Bride, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Sting and loved them. I'm looking for a Ron Underwood movie.	City Slickers
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Underwood

1 Batman, The Matrix, Heavy Metal, Natural Born Killers, Desperado, Total Recall, and Dances with Wolves are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cult movie.	The Frighteners
2 What else is that about?	ghosts, supernatural, Peter Jackson, Michael J. Fox, cult
3 I prefer Fun movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Princess Bride

1 Pecker, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Once Were Warriors, Gods and Monsters, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Donnie Brasco, and As Good as It Gets are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Italian movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giuseppe Tornatore, cinema
3 I like Ettore Scola movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Special Day

1 I like The Godfather, Ransom, The Jackal, Emma, My Best Friend's Wedding, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Jerry Maguire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	That Old Feeling
2 Who is that directed by?	Carl Reiner
3 I like Patrick Read Johnson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spaced Invaders

1 Angel Heart, The Shawshank Redemption, The Gods Must Be Crazy, The Shining, The Game, Gattaca, and Total Recall are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a simulated reality movie.	The Matrix
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Hugo Weaving, Laurence Fishburne
3 I prefer Natascha McElhone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Truman Show

1 I love Rob Roy, Leaving Las Vegas, Mrs. Doubtfire, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Maverick, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I prefer Brad Dourif movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bride of Chucky

1 The Mark of Zorro, My Man Godfrey, Gone with the Wind, Sling Blade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sense and Sensibility, and Emma are movies I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Dangerous Liaisons
2 Who does that star?	Cecilia Cheung
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I really like The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, A Day at the Races, Sleuth, Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, Arsenic and Old Lace, Shock Corridor, and The Ladykillers. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	La muerte de un burócrata
2 Who is that directed by?	Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
3 I like Nicholas Hytner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The History Boys

1 I really liked Little Shop of Horrors, Lethal Weapon, The Goonies, The Big Lebowski, A Bronx Tale, ¡Three Amigos!, and Spaceballs. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	Firestarter
2 Who does that star?	Drew Barrymore, David Keith
3 I prefer Andre Braugher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mist

1 What Women Want, Sleepless in Seattle, The Notebook, and Miracle on 34th Street are films I love. I'm looking for a Billy Crystal movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Andy Fickman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Parental Guidance

1 Awakenings, Apocalypse Now, Dead Man Walking, Shallow Grave, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, The Usual Suspects, and Life Is Beautiful are films I loved. I'm looking for a Seann William Scott movie.	Dude, Where's My Car?
2 Who does that star?	Ashton Kutcher, Seann William Scott
3 I prefer Thomas Ian Nicholas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Pie

1 The Wrong Trousers, All About My Mother, Carrington, Night on Earth, and A Short Film About Killing are movies I loved. I'm looking for a car chase movie.	Bullitt
2 Who does that star?	Steve McQueen, Jacqueline Bisset, Robert Vaughn
3 I like Stellan Skarsgård movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ronin

1 Nixon, Diabolique, The Birdcage, The Silence of the Lambs, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Last Supper
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, murder, Cameron Diaz
3 I like Musical movies more. Do you know anything else?	The West Point Story

1 I really like Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Men in Black, Heathers, Before Sunrise, Superman, Speed, and The Cider House Rules. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Richard Lester
3 I like Hugh Grant movies more. Do you know anything else?	Two Weeks Notice

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Birdcage, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Coming to America, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Apple Dumpling Gang, and Field of Dreams are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Hoosiers
2 What else is that about?	sports, Gene Hackman, basketball, Dennis Hopper, Barbara Hershey, indiana, David Anspaugh
3 I rate Cathy Moriarty movies. Any other suggestions?	Raging Bull

1 I loved 40 Days and 40 Nights, The Time Machine, Pearl Harbor, Joy Ride, Rat Race, The Princess Diaries, and Don't Say a Word. I'm looking for a Mariah Carey movie.	Glitter
2 What else is that about?	Mariah Carey
3 I rate Mo'Nique movies. Any other suggestions?	Precious

1 Forrest Gump, Gran Torino, Kick-Ass, The Incredibles, Aladdin, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Rocky are films I love. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	original, science fiction, national film registry, script, Charlton Heston, Franklin J. Schaffner, Rod Serling
3 I rate John Lithgow movies. Any other suggestions?	2010

1 Young Frankenstein, Spirited Away, Arsenic and Old Lace, Romero, Brazil, Chicago, and The Apostle are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Once a Thief
2 Who does that star?	Leslie Cheung, Cherie Chung
3 I rate Colin Farrell movies. Any other suggestions?	Seven Psychopaths

1 I loved 12 Angry Men, Some Like It Hot, The Lion King, Forrest Gump, Chocolat, Finding Nemo, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Identity
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Clive Owen, Franka Potente, Chris Cooper
3 I like Roger Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man with the Golden Gun

1 I like The Usual Suspects, Run Lola Run, The Silence of the Lambs, Raising Arizona, Swingers, There's Something About Mary, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Tony Shalhoub movie.	Big Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Stanley Tucci, Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Tony Shalhoub, Campbell Scott
3 I prefer Animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cars

1 I really like Cinderella, Smoke Signals, Raising Arizona, Heavenly Creatures, The Abyss, There's Something About Mary, and The Matrix. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	Meet the Parents
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Blythe Danner, Teri Polo
3 I prefer Jenna Fischer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hall Pass

1 Waking Life, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, It's a Wonderful Life, Psycho, Being John Malkovich, The Strange Love of Martha Ivers, and Top Gun are films I love. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	The Good Thief
2 Who does that star?	Nick Nolte, Nutsa Kukhianidze
3 I prefer Liam Neeson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Michael Collins

1 Dances with Wolves, Schindler's List, Aladdin, Jurassic Park, Ghost, Groundhog Day, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The House of the Spirits
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Winona Ryder, Antonio Banderas, Glenn Close
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	Starstruck

1 I loved A Clockwork Orange, Reservoir Dogs, Braveheart, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Dead Poets Society, Fight Club, and Big Fish. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Oldboy
2 What else is that about?	remake, Spike Lee
3 I rate hacker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo

1 I really liked Babe, Sabrina, Aliens, Braveheart, Fargo, Hoop Dreams, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clueless
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jane Austen, Paul Rudd, Brittany Murphy, Alicia Silverstone, Amy Heckerling
3 I like Aki Kaurismäki movies more. Do you know anything else?	Calamari Union

1 I watched the films The Sixth Sense, The Crying Game, An American Werewolf in London, Boogie Nights, The Black Stallion, Barbarella, and The World According to Garp and loved them. I'm looking for an octopus movie.	Spider-Man 2
2 What else is that about?	superhero, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, octopus

1 I really like City of God, Batman Begins, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, Life Is Beautiful, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an Alejandro Amenábar movie.	Open Your Eyes
2 What else is that about?	Spanish, Alejandro Amenábar
3 I prefer historical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Agora

1 In the Name of the Father, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, The Last of the Mohicans, Philadelphia, The Piano, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I like College movies more. Do you know anything else?	PCU

1 Little Miss Sunshine, The Simpsons Movie, The Rescuers, Gran Torino, March of the Penguins, This Is England, and A League of Their Own are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Inbetweeners Movie
2 Who does that star?	James Buckley, Simon Bird, Blake Harrison, Joe Thomas
3 I rate M. Emmet Walsh movies. Any other suggestions?	Critters

1 The Fugitive, Babe, Four Weddings and a Funeral, In the Line of Fire, Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, and The Firm are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addams Family Values
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Jesse Dylan movies more. Do you know anything else?	How High

1 I love Labyrinth, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Iron Giant, The Exorcist, The Graduate, Cosi, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. I'm looking for a Sarah Polley movie.	No Such Thing
2 Who does that star?	Sarah Polley
3 I rate Desmond Askew movies. Any other suggestions?	Go

1 I love Muppet Treasure Island, Twister, Jerry Maguire, Eye for an Eye, The Juror, White Squall, and Eraser. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Fan
2 Who does that star?	James Garner, Lauren Bacall, Maureen Stapleton
3 I like Danielle De Luca movies more. Do you know anything else?	Naked Fear

1 I loved Jurassic Park, Beetlejuice, Bridget Jones's Diary, Spider-Man, Catch Me If You Can, Cast Away, and Iron Man. I'm looking for a War movie.	Patton
2 Who is that directed by?	Franklin J. Schaffner
3 I like Kon Ichikawa movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Burmese Harp

1 From Russia with Love, Aliens, Eyes Wide Shut, Excalibur, Fallen, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Hunt for Red October are films I like. I'm looking for a Brian Helgeland movie.	Payback
2 What else is that about?	classic, r, Mel Gibson, Brian Helgeland
3 I like medieval movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Knight's Tale

1 I watched the films Memento, Cool Runnings, Death to Smoochy, Arlington Road, A Fish Called Wanda, Analyze This, and Blue Streak and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Three Kings
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, r, satirical, George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, iraq, David O. Russell, gulf war, Ice Cube
3 I like Dane Cook movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Best Friend's Girl

1 Twister, The Sixth Sense, Marathon Man, Rosemary's Baby, Psycho, North by Northwest, and Basic Instinct are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Eyes of Laura Mars
2 Who does that star?	Tommy Lee Jones, Faye Dunaway
3 I like Paul McCartney movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Hard Day's Night

1 Princess Mononoke, Witness, Cocoon, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Wedding Banquet, and City Lights are movies I like. I'm looking for a victorian era movie.	Topsy-Turvy
2 What else is that about?	Opera, Mike Leigh, creative, victorian era, Jim Broadbent

1 The Matrix, Enemy at the Gates, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 Who does that star?	Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, Klaus Wennemann
3 I prefer William Bendix movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Deep Six

1 Donnie Darko, The Silence of the Lambs, Contact, A Clockwork Orange, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Boogie Nights, and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bowling for Columbine
2 Who does that star?	Michael Moore
3 I like George W. Bush movies more. Do you know anything else?	Journeys with George

1 I watched the films Clueless, French Kiss, The Fifth Element, Sleepless in Seattle, The Doors, Moonstruck, and Run Lola Run and loved them. I'm looking for a hollywood movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I prefer concert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stop Making Sense

1 Reservoir Dogs, Schindler's List, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Shrek 2, Batman Begins, Lost in Translation, and The Lion King are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Shane Black, No
3 I prefer Gus Van Sant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drugstore Cowboy

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Glory, The Crow, Cry-Baby, The Matrix, Highlander, and The Terminal are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, wedding, Vincente Minnelli, Spencer Tracy
3 I prefer board game movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Clue

1 I really like Schindler's List, To Kill a Mockingbird, L.A. Confidential, It's a Wonderful Life, The Usual Suspects, Hoop Dreams, and The African Queen. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Hurricane
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I prefer Mervyn LeRoy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Time for Sergeants

1 Donnie Darko, Mad Hot Ballroom, Gigi, Airplane!, Manhattan Murder Mystery, Metropolitan, and Mermaids are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Winslow Boy
2 What else is that about?	Family, slow, David Mamet
3 I like Jafar Panahi movies more. Do you know anything else?	The White Balloon

1 The Deer Hunter, Boogie Nights, Aliens, The Incredibles, The Philadelphia Story, Speed, and The Terminator are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, national film registry, Steven Soderbergh, lies, videotape
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	The Karate Kid

1 The Birdcage, Pulp Fiction, The Fugitive, Pretty Woman, Apollo 13, Ghost, and The Firm are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I prefer Joe Russo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Welcome to Collinwood

1 Mary Poppins, Annie Hall, A Fish Called Wanda, The Sound of Music, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Manhattan Murder Mystery, and The City of Lost Children are films I love. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Escape to Witch Mountain
2 What else is that about?	disney
3 I rate John Lasseter movies. Any other suggestions?	Toy Story 2

1 Traffic, The Manchurian Candidate, L.A. Confidential, The Vanishing, RoboCop, Army of Darkness, and La Femme Nikita are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Aliens
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Carrie Henn
3 I like Tony Randall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

1 I liked Frida, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Blade Runner, American Beauty, Freaks, Dancer in the Dark, and Big Fish. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I like Drew Barrymore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Duplex

1 Garden State, High Fidelity, The Princess Bride, Henry V, Fight Club, Chicago, and Fargo are movies I really like. I'm looking for a George Pal movie.	The Time Machine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, time travel, H.G. Wells, George Pal
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Time Machine

1 I loved Galaxy Quest, The Blob, The Wrong Trousers, Gattaca, Fight Club, The Thin Blue Line, and Warriors of Virtue. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Virus
2 Who is that directed by?	John Bruno
3 I like Roger Corman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tomb of Ligeia

1 I watched the films The Big Lebowski, A Patch of Blue, Rebel Without a Cause, Blue Sky, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Prick Up Your Ears, and Django Unchained and loved them. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Van
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Frears
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Alien, The Opposite of Sex, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Pulp Fiction, Casablanca, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins, Danny Aiello, Elizabeth Peña
3 I rate Justine Waddell movies. Any other suggestions?	Dracula 2000

1 Waiting for Guffman, Forrest Gump, Me Myself I, Enemy of the State, Dial M for Murder, A Christmas Story, and Chinatown are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Collateral
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I rate Vincenzo Natali movies. Any other suggestions?	Cube

1 Get Shorty, Romancing the Stone, Back to the Future, Gone with the Wind, From Here to Eternity, The Graduate, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harry and the Hendersons
2 Who is that directed by?	William Dear
3 I like Steve Pink movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hot Tub Time Machine 2

1 Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Gladiator, The Matrix, and The Dark Knight are films I liked. I'm looking for an intellectual movie.	The Man from Earth
2 What else is that about?	dialogue, science fiction, intellectual, Jerome Bixby

1 The Spitfire Grill, Forrest Gump, Rounders, Mrs. Doubtfire, Saving Private Ryan, JFK, and Field of Dreams are films I loved. I'm looking for a Taylor Hackford movie.	An Officer and a Gentleman
2 What else is that about?	military, Richard Gere, Debra Winger, Taylor Hackford
3 I like Stephen King movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dolores Claiborne

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Con Air, The Matrix, The Rock, Schindler's List, Braveheart, and American Beauty are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I like 3d movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wrath of the Titans

1 West Side Story, Driving Miss Daisy, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Doctor Zhivago, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Sound of Music are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I rate Shari Springer Berman movies. Any other suggestions?	Cinema Verite

1 Toy Story, The Remains of the Day, Tin Cup, Sense and Sensibility, Dead Man Walking, Beauty and the Beast, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Shine
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Australia, Geoffrey Rush, Scott Hicks
3 I prefer australian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Look Both Ways

1 Being John Malkovich, Reservoir Dogs, L.A. Confidential, The Godfather, American Beauty, Almost Famous, and The Third Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	One False Move
2 What else is that about?	Bill Paxton, Carl Franklin
3 I prefer Jaume Balagueró movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleep Tight

1 Schindler's List, A Grand Day Out, The Wrong Trousers, Dead Man Walking, Much Ado About Nothing, The City of Lost Children, and Hoop Dreams are films I really liked. I'm looking for an united kingdom movie.	Trainspotting
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, british, 1980s, Ewan McGregor, addiction, heroin, Danny Boyle, drug addiction, united kingdom, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, scottish, Irvine Welsh, edinburgh, Kevin McKidd, Jonny Lee Miller, drug
3 I like Colin Firth movies more. Do you know anything else?	The King's Speech

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Cold Comfort Farm, Rushmore, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, The Full Monty, Lone Star, and Shall We Dance? are films I love. I'm looking for a John Cusack movie.	Grosse Pointe Blank
2 What else is that about?	soundtrack, John Cusack, Dan Aykroyd, Minnie Driver, Alan Arkin
3 I prefer Chiwetel Ejiofor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	2012

1 I love Rain Man, Chinatown, Atlantic City, The Shawshank Redemption, The Maltese Falcon, Blade Runner, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Patton
2 Who is that directed by?	Franklin J. Schaffner
3 I like Edward Zwick movies more. Do you know anything else?	Defiance

1 Rushmore, Vanishing Point, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Primer, Being John Malkovich, The Sixth Sense, and The Terminator are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Gus Van Sant movie.	Gerry
2 What else is that about?	Gus Van Sant
3 I rate shakespeare movies. Any other suggestions?	My Own Private Idaho

1 I like Apocalypse Now, Alien, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Titanic, A Clockwork Orange, Tootsie, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The New World
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, Christian Bale, Epic, Colin Farrell, Christopher Plummer, Terrence Malick, David Thewlis, pocahontas, Virginia
3 I rate Coming Out movies. Any other suggestions?	Get Real

1 I like Evil Dead II, Fargo, Diva, Lone Star, The Third Man, Bound, and The Manchurian Candidate. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Gosford Park
2 What else is that about?	murder, r, ensemble cast, Clive Owen, Helen Mirren, Robert Altman, altman
3 I prefer Willem Dafoe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Odd Thomas

1 Batman Begins, The Terminator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Stargate, Serenity, American Beauty, and The Fugitive are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Men in Black II
2 What else is that about?	sequel, Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Rosario Dawson, Johnny Knoxville, Lara Flynn Boyle
3 I prefer Kurt Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Executive Decision

1 I love American Pie, Ocean's Eleven, Good Will Hunting, Lost in Translation, Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Departed
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I rate Sergey Bodrov movies. Any other suggestions?	The Quickie

1 Annie Hall, Life Is Beautiful, Cinema Paradiso, Lolita, On the Waterfront, The 400 Blows, and Some Like It Hot are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Stanley Kubrick movie.	The Shining
2 What else is that about?	Horror, psychological, Stanley Kubrick, ghosts, Jack Nicholson, Stephen King, Hotel, writer, kubrick, psychological horror, psychic abilities, Ghost, Shelley Duvall, nicholson, Scatman Crothers
3 I rate Beethoven movies. Any other suggestions?	A Clockwork Orange

1 The Faculty, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Rosemary's Baby, Much Ado About Nothing, Dave, The Hunt for Red October, and Home Alone are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rowan Atkinson movie.	Bean
2 What else is that about?	Rowan Atkinson
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny English

1 The Matrix, Fight Club, Blazing Saddles, Rocky, Remember the Titans, Dazed and Confused, and Casino are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Frailty
2 Who is that directed by?	Bill Paxton
3 I prefer Robert Wise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Andromeda Strain

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Birds, A Few Good Men, The Fugitive, The Exorcist, Braveheart, and Dracula are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	MASH
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I prefer Tom Mankiewicz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dragnet

1 Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Rear Window, North by Northwest, The Silence of the Lambs, and Schindler's List are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Quiet Man
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, John Wayne, John Ford, Maureen O'Hara
3 I rate Michelle Rodriguez movies. Any other suggestions?	Girlfight

1 The Godfather, Toy Story, and The English Patient are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Con Air
2 What else is that about?	Action, Prison, Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, John Malkovich, jerry bruckheimer, Simon West
3 I rate Alan J. Pakula movies. Any other suggestions?	The Devil's Own

1 A Grand Day Out, Spider-Man, RoboCop, A Clockwork Orange, The Blues Brothers, Full Metal Jacket, and Alien are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Willow
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate Jim Abrahams movies. Any other suggestions?	Top Secret!

1 The Wild Bunch, Citizen Kane, Pink Flamingos, Ghostbusters, Arsenic and Old Lace, Taxi Driver, and RoboCop are films I really like. I'm looking for a winona movie.	Heathers
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, High School, cult classic, Winona Ryder, cult, Christian Slater, clique, Michael Lehmann, winona
3 I rate Vanessa Redgrave movies. Any other suggestions?	Girl, Interrupted

1 Stand by Me, Aladdin, Run Lola Run, Fargo, Jaws, The Big Lebowski, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sean Young movie.	No Way Out
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Gene Hackman, Kevin Costner, Sean Young
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fire Birds

1 Smokey and the Bandit, Old Yeller, Armageddon, Adventures in Babysitting, 50 First Dates, Girl, Interrupted, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I really like. I'm looking for a sex movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dvd, Romantic Comedy, Steve Carell, sex, Judd Apatow
3 I rate Jason Segel movies. Any other suggestions?	Sex Tape

1 I loved The Matrix, Finding Nemo, Best in Show, Apocalypse Now, Children of Men, Brazil, and The Shining. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Wordplay
2 What else is that about?	Documentary
3 I rate france movies. Any other suggestions?	Cave of Forgotten Dreams

1 I really like Citizen Kane, The Big Sleep, Blade Runner, The Maltese Falcon, Howl's Moving Castle, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Conversation
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I prefer Robert Harmon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Highwaymen

1 I, Robot, Cold Mountain, The Big Country, Never Cry Wolf, The Hills Have Eyes Part II, Private Benjamin, and Shrek 2 are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Howard Hawks movie.	El Dorado
2 Who does that star?	James Caan, John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, Charlene Holt
3 I rate Dewey Martin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Sky

1 Taxi Driver, Jackie Brown, Get Shorty, Mulholland Drive, Casablanca, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Mystic River are movies I liked. I'm looking for a hollywood movie.	Barton Fink
2 What else is that about?	coen brothers, writers, hollywood, Hotel, John Goodman, writing, John Turturro, box
3 I prefer altman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Player

1 I really like Forrest Gump, Outbreak, The Net, Clear and Present Danger, Apollo 13, Kids, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Beyond Rangoon
2 Who is that directed by?	John Boorman
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Another Woman

1 I liked Get Shorty, Last Man Standing, Braveheart, The Rock, Scrooged, Blade, and Demolition Man. I'm looking for a Russell Mulcahy movie.	The Shadow
2 Who does that star?	Alec Baldwin, Peter Boyle, Penelope Ann Miller, John Lone
3 I like Christopher Lambert movies more. Do you know anything else?	Highlander

1 Total Recall, Aliens, Battle Royale, The Devil's Own, Alien, Bridget Jones's Diary, and Equilibrium are films I love. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Death Note
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I prefer Japanese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wolf Children

1 I watched the films Goodfellas, Swingers, Beetlejuice, Raging Bull, Red Rock West, Henry V, and Eyes Wide Shut and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Prison, death, Sean Penn, usa, book, Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon, death row
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Match Point

1 Pulp Fiction, Blood Diamond, From Russia with Love, Platoon, Jurassic Park, The Green Mile, and American Pie are movies I liked. I'm looking for a surveillance movie.	Body of Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Michael Radford movies. Any other suggestions?	Nineteen Eighty-Four

1 I really like What Lies Beneath, Central Station, Boogie Nights, The Sixth Sense, Charlie's Angels, Jerry Maguire, and Meet the Parents. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bring It On
2 Who does that star?	Kirsten Dunst, Eliza Dushku
3 I like Charles Ruggles movies more. Do you know anything else?	One Hour with You

1 I liked My Cousin Vinny, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Taming of the Shrew, Beauty and the Beast, Gandhi, The Grapes of Wrath, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
2 Who does that star?	Paul Newman, Elizabeth Taylor, Burl Ives
3 I rate Anthony Perkins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Actress

1 Star Trek and Edward Scissorhands are films I love. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I rate Dennis Quaid movies. Any other suggestions?	Flight of the Phoenix

1 Cube, Red Dragon, Scream, To Kill a Mockingbird, An American Werewolf in London, The Grapes of Wrath, and The Omen are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Anne Frank Remembered
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Kenneth Branagh, Glenn Close
3 I rate Kevin Kline movies. Any other suggestions?	The Road to El Dorado

1 Being There, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Jaws, Apollo 13, and The Verdict are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, light, Gene Kelly, Stanley Donen
3 I rate shakespeare movies. Any other suggestions?	West Side Story

1 The Big Lebowski, Scream, Fletch, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Aliens, The Fifth Element, and Trainspotting are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Midnight Run

1 I watched the films The Rundown, Requiem for a Dream, Moulin Rouge!, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Toy Story 3, First Blood, and A Clockwork Orange and loved them. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Support Your Local Sheriff!
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Western
3 I prefer Takashi Miike movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sukiyaki Western Django

1 Rocky, The Exorcist, Dune, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Manchurian Candidate, MASH, and Repo Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a David Niven movie.	Candleshoe
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, David Niven, Helen Hayes

1 Three Days of the Condor, Saving Private Ryan, Speed, Crimson Tide, Dog Day Afternoon, Men in Black, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Paul Scofield movie.	A Man for All Seasons
2 Who does that star?	Paul Scofield
3 I like Rob Morrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quiz Show

1 The Adventures of Robin Hood, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Boondock Saints, Magnolia, A Room with a View, Gaslight, and North by Northwest are movies I love. I'm looking for a Henry Koster movie.	The Inspector General
2 What else is that about?	Danny Kaye, Henry Koster
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Man Godfrey

1 Jurassic Park, Clear and Present Danger, Outbreak, Crimson Tide, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Philadelphia, and That Thing You Do! are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Firm
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I rate Morgan J. Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	Homecoming

1 I watched the films Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, Immortal Beloved, In the Name of the Father, The Piano, Batman Forever, and The Shawshank Redemption and loved them. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I like Steve Guttenberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cocoon

1 I watched the films Boyhood, A Streetcar Named Desire, Yojimbo, The Blue Angel, Metropolis, The Hidden Fortress, and Lawrence of Arabia and loved them. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Gate of Hell
2 What else is that about?	criterion
3 I rate Koreyoshi Kurahara movies. Any other suggestions?	I Am Waiting

1 Apollo 13, Executive Decision, A Time to Kill, True Lies, Braveheart, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride Part II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, sequel, Steve Martin, Diane Keaton
3 I prefer David Gordon Green movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sitter

1 Immortal Beloved, The Opposite of Sex, Chungking Express, Casablanca, Donnie Brasco, Fargo, and Out of Sight are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Campbell Scott movie.	Big Night
2 Who does that star?	Stanley Tucci, Tony Shalhoub
3 I like Patrick Cassidy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Longtime Companion

1 Yojimbo, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Scream, Elizabeth, GoldenEye, Lawrence of Arabia, and Ruby in Paradise are movies I like. I'm looking for a pool movie.	The Color of Money
2 What else is that about?	Tom Cruise, Martin Scorsese, Paul Newman, pool
3 I prefer Piper Laurie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hustler

1 Batman, Aladdin, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Babe, Philadelphia, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Copycat
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Sigourney Weaver
3 I rate Jamie Foxx movies. Any other suggestions?	White House Down

1 Being John Malkovich, The Last Emperor, Schindler's List, Toy Story 2, Big Trouble in Little China, The Commitments, and Forrest Gump are films I love. I'm looking for a David Lean movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, War, History, Epic, biographical, desert, world war i, best picture, Peter O'Toole, David Lean, super panavision 70
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lawrence of Arabia

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, My Neighbor Totoro, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Alien, Groundhog Day, Spirited Away, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Vincent
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Price
3 I rate Buster Keaton movies. Any other suggestions?	Cops

1 Titanic, October Sky, Shakespeare in Love, Notting Hill, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Sense and Sensibility, and Pleasantville are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I rate Kevin Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Jersey Girl

1 Aladdin, The Butterfly Effect, Requiem for a Dream, Big, Blue Velvet, The Shawshank Redemption, and Young Frankenstein are films I liked. I'm looking for a Jeff Goldblum movie.	Igby Goes Down
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Goldblum, Claire Danes, Kieran Culkin, Ryan Phillippe
3 I prefer Joan Cusack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nine Months

1 To Die For, The Wedding Singer, The Bridges of Madison County, and Office Space are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Witness
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Harrison Ford, Peter Weir, amish
3 I prefer Roman Polanski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frantic

1 I really like Shutter Island, Batman, Full Metal Jacket, Pan's Labyrinth, 28 Days, Menace II Society, and In Bruges. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Gangster
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Fritz Lang movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	While the City Sleeps

1 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Ratatouille, Inglourious Basterds, Batman Begins, American Gangster, The Matrix, and Slumdog Millionaire are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rio
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Music, Anne Hathaway, Brazil, rio de janeiro, Leslie Mann, Jemaine Clement, Carlos Saldanha
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	To Rome with Love

1 I watched the films Children of Men, Moonrise Kingdom, The Boondock Saints, Goodfellas, Being John Malkovich, Inception, and The Man from Earth and loved them. I'm looking for a Paul Greengrass movie.	The Bourne Ultimatum
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Greengrass

1 I like Reservoir Dogs, The Usual Suspects, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Trainspotting, Alien, Fried Green Tomatoes, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Catherine O'Hara movie.	The Nightmare Before Christmas
2 Who does that star?	Catherine O'Hara, Chris Sarandon, William Hickey, Danny Elfman
3 I rate John Heard movies. Any other suggestions?	Home Alone

1 The Mission, Fargo, RoboCop, Beat the Devil, Henry V, The Elephant Man, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Boiling Point
2 Who does that star?	Wesley Snipes, Dennis Hopper, Viggo Mortensen, Lolita Davidovich
3 I rate Emma Samms movies. Any other suggestions?	The Marksman

1 I really liked The Secret of NIMH, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Modern Times, American Splendor, The Godfather, Frankenstein, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 What else is that about?	muppets, cameos, Jim Henson, kermit
3 I rate slapstick movies. Any other suggestions?	Crimewave

1 Breaking the Waves, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Exorcist, Life Is Beautiful, The Godfather, Finding Nemo, and The Crow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a drugs movie.	The Doors
2 What else is that about?	drugs, rock and roll, 1960s, biopic, Val Kilmer, Oliver Stone, jim morrison
3 I prefer Sean Connery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live and Let Die

1 I really like Jaws, The Best Man, The Social Network, Braveheart, Juno, Freaky Friday, and I Am David. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cider House Rules
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Michael Caine, Lasse Hallström
3 I like world war ii movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paisan

1 Batman Forever, Ghost, Addams Family Values, Strange Days, and Babe are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clueless
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I prefer Joe Dante movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gremlins

1 The Big Lebowski, Pulp Fiction, Sleepers, On the Waterfront, The Usual Suspects, and Election are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Tender Mercies
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Robert Duvall, Bruce Beresford
3 I rate ireland movies. Any other suggestions?	Calvary

1 Bringing Up Baby, Rear Window, Gone with the Wind, The 39 Steps, The Haunting, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor
3 I like Ted Kotcheff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Folks!

1 Groundhog Day, Beverly Hills Cop, Dead Poets Society, The Shawshank Redemption, Titanic, Frequency, and Jurassic Park are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rounders
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl
3 I rate John Brahm movies. Any other suggestions?	Bengazi

1 I loved Four Rooms, The Castle, Forrest Gump, The Big Lebowski, X-Men, Hot Tub Time Machine, and What Dreams May Come. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nacho Libre
2 Who is that directed by?	Jared Hess
3 I like Ken Finkleman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Head Office

1 The Third Man, Swingers, Pulp Fiction, Fantasia, Taxi Driver, Terms of Endearment, and Die Hard are films I really liked. I'm looking for a cult film movie.	Repo Man
2 What else is that about?	cult film, los angeles, Emilio Estevez, Alex Cox
3 I prefer Peter Jackson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Taste

1 Speed, Fargo, Office Space, Boyz n the Hood, Crash, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and Chinatown are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Anthony Quinn movie.	Zorba the Greek
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Anthony Quinn
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Guns of Navarone

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Chungking Express, Clueless, Boys on the Side, Rumble in the Bronx, The Net, and Muriel's Wedding are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Uma Thurman movie.	Even Cowgirls Get the Blues
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I like John Irvin movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Month by the Lake

1 Office Space, Penguins of Madagascar, A Love Song for Bobby Long, Wreck-It Ralph, Elf, The Wolf of Wall Street, and Dark Matter are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Adjustment Bureau
2 What else is that about?	story, Matt Damon, Philip K. Dick, Emily Blunt
3 I rate Ewan McGregor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ghost Writer

1 Key Largo, The Matrix, Cool Hand Luke, No Country for Old Men, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Blade Runner, and Stand by Me are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Clive Owen movie.	King Arthur
2 Who is that directed by?	Antoine Fuqua
3 I rate Spike Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Inside Man

1 Citizen Kane, Chinatown, and Fargo are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like Michael Mann movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miami Vice

1 Casablanca, Raging Bull, Braveheart, Schindler's List, Ben-Hur, Blade Runner, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Pinocchio
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, national film registry, children, characters, animated, simple, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I rate Fred Astaire movies. Any other suggestions?	You Were Never Lovelier

1 The Matrix, Men in Black, L.A. Confidential, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Reservoir Dogs, True Romance, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	The Replacement Killers
2 Who does that star?	Michael Rooker, Mira Sorvino, Kenneth Tsang
3 I rate Angela Bassett movies. Any other suggestions?	Boyz n the Hood

1 I loved True Romance, Ed Wood, Wonder Boys, Cool Hand Luke, Sense and Sensibility, Rear Window, and The Opposite of Sex. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kissing a Fool
2 Who is that directed by?	Doug Ellin
3 I rate René Clair movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grand Maneuver

1 I love Labyrinth, Young Frankenstein, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Duck Soup, Tarzan, The Big One, and Starship Troopers. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, sequel, Danny Glover, Predator, Stephen Hopkins
3 I like Luc Besson movies more. Do you know anything else?	La Femme Nikita

1 North by Northwest, Cube, Ocean's Eleven, Bringing Up Baby, L.A. Confidential, The Seventh Seal, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a screwball comedy movie.	The Palm Beach Story
2 What else is that about?	screwball comedy, screwball, Preston Sturges
3 I like Henry Fonda movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lady Eve

1 Forrest Gump, The Family Man, and Pretty Woman are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Driven
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone
3 I rate Colin Firth movies. Any other suggestions?	The King's Speech

1 Princess Mononoke, Army of Darkness, Downfall, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Before Sunset, Fight Club, and Iron Man are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cloud Atlas
2 What else is that about?	Action, Drama, r, future, independent film, editing, Tom Tykwer
3 I rate nazi movies. Any other suggestions?	American History X

1 I liked Night Shift, Forrest Gump, Back to the Future, A Fish Called Wanda, The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and The Royal Tenenbaums. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	Little Man Tate
2 Who is that directed by?	Jodie Foster
3 I like Michael Apted movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nell

1 I loved Bowling for Columbine, Swingers, Full Metal Jacket, The Silence of the Lambs, The Graduate, Memento, and Rear Window. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I like kurt cobain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Days

1 Harold and Maude, Tears of the Black Tiger, The Thin Red Line, Chef, That Obscure Object of Desire, Taxi Driver, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Hammer
2 What else is that about?	r, boxing, Adam Carolla
3 I prefer suspense movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Memoirs of an Invisible Man

1 Shakespeare in Love, Sliding Doors, Rushmore, Shine, Clueless, Dead Again, and Tarzan are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Chris Columbus movie.	Adventures in Babysitting
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus

1 Spirited Away, Fight Club, The Matrix, The Godfather, The Great Escape, and Apocalypse Now are films I loved. I'm looking for a Princess movie.	Princess Mononoke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Drama, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, Japanese, miyazaki, forest, Princess, gods, historical fantasy
3 I prefer sequel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tangled Ever After

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, Les Misérables, Dead Man Walking, Once Were Warriors, and The Mask are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando
3 I rate Eva Mendes movies. Any other suggestions?	The Place Beyond the Pines

1 Casino, The French Connection, Conan the Barbarian, Chinatown, A Day at the Races, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and The Celluloid Closet are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mon Oncle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, light, Jacques Tati, modern, uncle
3 I rate Rosie O'Donnell movies. Any other suggestions?	Wide Awake

1 Gandhi, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Wizard of Oz, A Fish Called Wanda, Donnie Brasco, Chungking Express, and Witness are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Basquiat
2 Who does that star?	Benicio Del Toro, Jeffrey Wright, Claire Forlani, Michael Wincott
3 I prefer Bibi Besch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Doing Time on Maple Drive

1 Aladdin, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, Jumanji, Mrs. Doubtfire, Congo, and The Lion King are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Waterworld
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Kevin Costner, Water
3 I rate directorial debut movies. Any other suggestions?	The Replacement Killers

1 Grease, Mighty Aphrodite, La Femme Nikita, Much Ado About Nothing, When Harry Met Sally..., The Piano, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Irvin movie.	Widows' Peak
2 What else is that about?	John Irvin
3 I prefer War movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dogs of War

1 Mona Lisa Smile, The Italian Job, Bridget Jones's Diary, Ocean's Eleven, and Top Gun are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Lindsay Lohan movie.	Freaky Friday
2 What else is that about?	Jamie Lee Curtis, Lindsay Lohan
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen

1 Groundhog Day, Fight Club, High Fidelity, The Karate Kid, Elf, A Life Less Ordinary, and Ip Man are films I loved. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	City of God
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, Crime, r, Epic, Brazil, foreign, rio de janeiro, favelas, Fernando Meirelles, Alice Braga, favela
3 I rate Nastassja Kinski movies. Any other suggestions?	Paris, Texas

1 I love The Shop Around the Corner, Freeway, Unforgiven, On the Waterfront, The Birds, The Piano, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	You Can Count on Me
2 What else is that about?	r, Family, small town, Mark Ruffalo, Matthew Broderick, Laura Linney
3 I prefer Koreyoshi Kurahara movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Antarctica

1 Ghostbusters, Never Cry Wolf, Groundhog Day, 2010, The Matrix, An American Werewolf in London, and 50 First Dates are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Beverly Hills Cop
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I prefer Dwight H. Little movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Marked for Death

1 Annie Hall, The Terminator, Aliens, Galaxy Quest, The Breakfast Club, Cinema Paradiso, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stardust Memories
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer George W. Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Min and Bill

1 Braveheart, Blade Runner, Fargo, Jerry Maguire, The Thin Blue Line, 12 Angry Men, and Toy Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for an ira movie.	The Crying Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Jordan
3 I like Jim Sheridan movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Name of the Father

1 I like Saving Private Ryan, The Usual Suspects, and Independence Day. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Serenity
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I prefer Darin Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Caught Up

1 I really like Office Space, The Godfather, The Lion King, The Incredibles, Cast Away, The Matrix, and Monsters, Inc.. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	25th Hour
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee

1 I loved The Jungle Book, Amélie, Dead Poets Society, Grosse Pointe Blank, 12 Angry Men, The Sixth Sense, and Departures. I'm looking for a John Leguizamo movie.	Ice Age
2 Who is that directed by?	Carlos Saldanha, Chris Wedge
3 I prefer Mark A.Z. Dippé movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spawn

1 I watched the films Rudy, The Wrong Trousers, Braveheart, The Fisher King, Full Metal Jacket, The Usual Suspects, and A Close Shave and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	But I'm a Cheerleader
2 What else is that about?	gay, satirical, lesbian, Clea DuVall, Cathy Moriarty
3 I prefer Zero Mostel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hot Rock

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Arsenic and Old Lace, MASH, Local Hero, The Sting, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Annie Hall are films I really liked. I'm looking for an england movie.	Funny Bones
2 What else is that about?	england, Peter Chelsom
3 I like Robert Carlyle movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Full Monty

1 Rushmore, Mystic River, Thunderball, The Deer Hunter, Double Indemnity, Say Anything..., and Mississippi Burning are films I really like. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Sabrina
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, Harrison Ford, Greg Kinnear, Julia Ormond
3 I like bollywood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Don

1 I watched the films Fight Club, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Muppet Movie, The Matrix, Dogma, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I like god movies more. Do you know anything else?	God Is Brazilian

1 I liked The Pianist, The Godfather, Cool Hand Luke, The Graduate, The Philadelphia Story, Field of Dreams, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sabrina
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, Harrison Ford, Greg Kinnear, Julia Ormond
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Super Mario Bros.

1 Amélie, The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, Monsters, Inc., Apocalypse Now, From Russia with Love, Ghost World, and You Can Count on Me are movies I like. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I prefer Baz Luhrmann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Romeo + Juliet

1 Aliens, Lethal Weapon 2, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Alien, Jaws, and The Negotiator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an ok movie.	Mulan
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Musical, animated, china, Eddie Murphy, Chinese, disney renaissance, ok, Walt Disney
3 I like Jim Carrey movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mask

1 I liked A Fistful of Dollars, GoldenEye, Around the World in Eighty Days, The Abyss, Cool Hand Luke, Stand by Me, and Live and Let Die. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Men
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Paul Feig movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bridesmaids

1 The Princess Bride, Pleasantville, Forrest Gump, Catch Me If You Can, Toy Story, Star Trek, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Up
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Love, to see, animated, south america, michael giacchino, Pete Docter
3 I like Roman Polanski movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pirates

1 I like Dial M for Murder, Speed, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Spider-Man, The Sting, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Superman. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I prefer Frank Tashlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Son of Paleface

1 The Color of Money, Some Like It Hot, Lone Star, Forrest Gump, Good Will Hunting, Big, and My Bodyguard are movies I love. I'm looking for a Stanley Kramer movie.	The Defiant Ones
2 Who does that star?	Sidney Poitier, Tony Curtis, Theodore Bikel, Charles McGraw
3 I rate Spencer Tracy movies. Any other suggestions?	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World

1 Where the Heart Is, Aladdin, Amistad, Shrek, Dracula, The Princess Bride, and Up are films I like. I'm looking for an amblin movie.	An American Tail
2 What else is that about?	animated, Don Bluth, amblin

1 Pulp Fiction, Save the Last Dance, Mumford, Meet Joe Black, Titanic, Toy Story 2, and Miss Congeniality are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Animal
2 Who does that star?	Rob Schneider, John C. McGinley, Colleen Haskell
3 I prefer Jackie Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gorgeous

1 Driving Miss Daisy, A Streetcar Named Desire, Key Largo, The Wizard of Oz, Fatal Attraction, Braveheart, and Harvey are films I really like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I prefer John Sturges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Last Train from Gun Hill

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The African Queen, The Birds, Back to the Future, North by Northwest, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Tobey Maguire movie.	Spider-Man 2
2 What else is that about?	superhero, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, octopus
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pleasantville

1 The City of Lost Children, Trainspotting, The Sting, Antonia's Line, Saving Private Ryan, Jean de Florette, and Das Boot are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Nora Roberts movie.	High Noon
2 What else is that about?	Nora Roberts

1 I really like Superman II, Red Dragon, Being John Malkovich, Beyond the Mat, The Butterfly Effect, The Simpsons Movie, and Shanghai Knights. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It's a Wonderful World
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Claudette Colbert
3 I prefer Mekhi Phifer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High School High

1 Jackie Brown, The Sound of Music, The Time Machine, Forrest Gump, Rosemary's Baby, American Beauty, and American Psycho are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Majid Majidi movie.	The Color of Paradise
2 Who is that directed by?	Majid Majidi

1 Dracula, Nosferatu, Planet of the Apes, Shakespeare in Love, Dracula, The Sixth Sense, and The Exorcist are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Wolf
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I like Luis Llosa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Anaconda

1 Shrek, Spaceballs, The Royal Tenenbaums, A Few Good Men, The Rock, Braveheart, and I Heart Huckabees are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ghostbusters
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, Bill Murray, ghosts, supernatural, Sigourney Weaver, Dan Aykroyd, saturday night live, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis, Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer Kevin Spacey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ref

1 Iron Man 3, The Book of Eli, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Up, Hancock, Skyfall, and Captain Phillips are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Horrible Bosses
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, murder, Kevin Spacey, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, cast, Jason Bateman, misogynistic, Charlie Day
3 I like sequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Father of the Bride Part II

1 Manhattan, The Princess Bride, American Beauty, Annie Hall, Fargo, Run Lola Run, and A Clockwork Orange are films I really like. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Raging Bull
2 What else is that about?	sports, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, boxing, photography, Jealousy, Joe Pesci, scorsese, Cathy Moriarty, de niro
3 I like Frank Oz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Score

1 I like Forrest Gump, La Vie en Rose, Crash, American History X, Maverick, You've Got Mail, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Louisa May Alcott movie.	Little Women
2 What else is that about?	classic, Mervyn LeRoy, Louisa May Alcott

1 The Caine Mutiny, The Great Escape, Apocalypse Now, An American in Paris, American Graffiti, High Sierra, and The Apartment are films I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Atlantis, the Lost Continent
2 Who does that star?	Sal Ponti

1 Forrest Gump, Mrs. Doubtfire, Stepmom, One Fine Day, Arsenic and Old Lace, On the Town, and Love Story are films I liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise
3 I like Adam Shankman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cheaper by the Dozen 2

1 Peter Pan, Gone with the Wind, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, You've Got Mail, Zoolander, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket
3 I prefer Buster Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Goat

1 I loved Boiler Room, Pitch Black, Gladiator, The Blair Witch Project, The Mummy Returns, Payback, and Requiem for a Dream. I'm looking for a Jessica Alba movie.	Idle Hands
2 What else is that about?	Jessica Alba, Seth Green
3 I rate Hayden Christensen movies. Any other suggestions?	Awake

1 The Sixth Sense, Wonder Boys, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Patton, Fargo, Jean de Florette, and Confessions of a Dangerous Mind are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Hilary and Jackie
2 What else is that about?	1
3 I prefer erotic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Caligula

1 I love A Time to Kill, The Birdcage, The People vs. Larry Flynt, The Nutty Professor, Jerry Maguire, and Romeo + Juliet. I'm looking for a Diane Keaton movie.	Father of the Bride Part II
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Steve Martin, Martin Short
3 I rate Katie Holmes movies. Any other suggestions?	Mad Money

1 I love The Fifth Element, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Terminator, Gran Torino, A Close Shave, Stigmata, and Stalag 17. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	28 Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Betty Thomas
3 I like Anne Fletcher movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Proposal

1 Amélie, Garden State, Cinema Paradiso, Magnolia, Before Sunset, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Y Tu Mamá También are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jim Sheridan movie.	In America
2 What else is that about?	Irish, Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Emma Thompson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Name of the Father

1 I really like Gone with the Wind, Moonstruck, Cold Comfort Farm, Rushmore, Fresh, A Streetcar Named Desire, and His Girl Friday. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sullivan's Travels
2 Who is that directed by?	Preston Sturges
3 I rate Kevin Lima movies. Any other suggestions?	A Goofy Movie

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Crimson Tide, True Romance, The Usual Suspects, Clockers, A Bronx Tale, and White Squall are movies I like. I'm looking for a Leonardo DiCaprio movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Leonardo DiCaprio, addiction, Mark Wahlberg, basketball, heroin
3 I prefer Baz Luhrmann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Romeo + Juliet

1 I really liked Lost in Translation, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Clerks, The Bourne Identity, Pulp Fiction, The Bourne Supremacy, and Jackie Brown. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bowling for Columbine
2 What else is that about?	violence, War, Documentary, guns, Michael Moore
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Letter to Elia

1 Rain Man, The Breakfast Club, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Silence of the Lambs, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Green Mile, and Erin Brockovich are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Colors
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Sean Penn
3 I prefer Steve Carell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Date Night

1 Jerry Maguire, Liar Liar, Ocean's Eleven, 300, Napoleon Dynamite, You've Got Mail, and Sleepers are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Vincente Minnelli
3 I prefer Wes Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Royal Tenenbaums

1 The Shawshank Redemption and Memento are movies I liked. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 What else is that about?	William Friedkin
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	The French Connection

1 I liked The Wizard of Oz, Miracle on 34th Street, Mrs. Doubtfire, Aladdin, White Christmas, The Taming of the Shrew, and Blazing Saddles. I'm looking for a War movie.	The African Queen
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I rate Guillermo del Toro movies. Any other suggestions?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 Galaxy Quest, Batman Begins, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Jurassic Park, The Matrix, and The Godfather are films I loved. I'm looking for a Bonnie Hunt movie.	Return to Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Bonnie Hunt
3 I rate Brian Levant movies. Any other suggestions?	Beethoven

1 Real Genius, Casablanca, Roman Holiday, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Manhattan, Mary Poppins, and North by Northwest are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar
3 I rate Jules Dassin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Affairs of Martha

1 A Clockwork Orange, The Killer, Pi, The Thing, Blade Runner, Hellraiser, and Bad Taste are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins, Danny Aiello, Elizabeth Peña
3 I like Liam Neeson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Darkman

1 I really liked My Neighbor Totoro, The Shawshank Redemption, Spirited Away, Dead Poets Society, Billy Elliot, The Princess Bride, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Chorus
2 Who does that star?	François Berléand, Gérard Jugnot
3 I prefer Sally Field movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Absence of Malice

1 I loved Titanic, Jurassic Park, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Gone with the Wind, Pinocchio, True Lies, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I like Morgan Freeman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Unforgiven

1 Being John Malkovich, The Godfather, Sense and Sensibility, The Shawshank Redemption, The Matrix, Fargo, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Citizen Ruth
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, abortion, Alexander Payne
3 I like baseball movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fever Pitch

1 The Edge, X-Men, All the President's Men, The Shawshank Redemption, Ghost World, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are films I love. I'm looking for a René Laloux movie.	Fantastic Planet
2 What else is that about?	René Laloux
3 I like Animation movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gandahar

1 American Beauty, Pan's Labyrinth, The Shawshank Redemption, City of God, The Prestige, Dead Poets Society, and Together are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni
3 I like Julia Roberts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Charlie Wilson's War

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Jurassic Park, The Man Without a Face, The Client, Life as a House, and Antitrust are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Spiderwick Chronicles
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Waters
3 I rate Mitch Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Other Side of Heaven

1 I watched the films Glory, Blade, The Usual Suspects, Psycho, Ghost, The Lion King, and Superman and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Joe's Apartment
2 Who is that directed by?	John Payson
3 I like Richard Whorf movies more. Do you know anything else?	Champagne for Caesar

1 I loved Executive Decision, Eraser, Fargo, Heat, Grumpier Old Men, Twister, and The Birdcage. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Olympia Dukakis, Glenne Headly, Jay Thomas
3 I like Mathieu Amalric movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Diving Bell and the Butterfly

1 Spirited Away, Schindler's List, Alien, How to Train Your Dragon, How to Train Your Dragon 2, Wreck-It Ralph, and Castle in the Sky are films I really like. I'm looking for a gay movie.	Pride
2 What else is that about?	gay, queer, mining
3 I rate Pedro Almodóvar movies. Any other suggestions?	Law of Desire

1 I love Braveheart, Beauty and the Beast, Leaving Las Vegas, Jurassic Park, Heat, Pulp Fiction, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Quiz Show
2 What else is that about?	1950s, Ralph Fiennes, Robert Redford, John Turturro, Hank Azaria, Christopher McDonald, Paul Scofield, David Paymer
3 I like Frank Borzage movies more. Do you know anything else?	History Is Made at Night

1 Finding Nemo, Apollo 13, The Godfather, Toy Story 3, All About Eve, Back to the Future, and Gattaca are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 Who does that star?	Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry, Barry Bostwick, Richard O'Brien
3 I prefer Oscar Levant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An American in Paris

1 City Lights, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Fugitive, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, The Searchers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Planet of the Apes are movies I really like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Thing from Another World
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, science fiction, national film registry, arctic
3 I prefer Karen Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raiders of the Lost Ark

1 I really liked Kick-Ass, The Nightmare Before Christmas, A Christmas Story, Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away, The Princess Bride, and Django Unchained. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Lucky Number Slevin
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul McGuigan
3 I prefer Bruce Beresford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Contract

1 American Beauty, Trainspotting, The Silence of the Lambs, Inception, Schindler's List, Fight Club, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are movies I love. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Quills
2 What else is that about?	Michael Caine, writers, sex, Kate Winslet, Joaquin Phoenix, censorship, Asylum, Geoffrey Rush, Philip Kaufman, insane asylum, Marquis de Sade
3 I prefer Biography movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Capone

1 I really liked Finding Nemo, The Princess Bride, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Aladdin, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Good Will Hunting, and Meet the Parents. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Incredibles
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Bird
3 I like Christopher Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 True Romance, Dead Man Walking, Fargo, Taxi Driver, A Fish Called Wanda, Braveheart, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Costner
3 I rate Marek Koterski movies. Any other suggestions?	Day of the Wacko

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, Chicken Run, The Idiots, The Sixth Sense, Dolores Claiborne, Toy Story 2, and Lost Highway. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Quiet Room
2 Who is that directed by?	Rolf de Heer
3 I like Nicholas Ray movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rebel Without a Cause

1 Pulp Fiction, The Graduate, Election, Reservoir Dogs, The Fugitive, A Christmas Story, and Jaws are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tommy Boy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chris Farley, David Spade, Peter Segal
3 I prefer black comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meet the Feebles

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Some Like It Hot, Life Is Beautiful, The Fugitive, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Shawshank Redemption, and Sense and Sensibility are films I liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Enemy of the State
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Gene Hackman, Jon Voight, Lisa Bonet
3 I prefer Danny Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bat*21

1 I liked Magnolia, The Prestige, The Intouchables, The Pianist, Slumdog Millionaire, Captain Phillips, and Control. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Simon
2 Who is that directed by?	Marshall Brickman
3 I rate Luis Mandoki movies. Any other suggestions?	Born Yesterday

1 The Mask, Get Shorty, Alien, The Piano, Crimson Tide, Schindler's List, and The Terminator are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket
3 I prefer Will Forte movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 The Fugitive, While You Were Sleeping, Twister, Back to the Future Part II, True Lies, Big Fish, and Titanic are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I like Henry Hathaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lives of a Bengal Lancer

1 Fargo, Shakespeare in Love, MASH, 12 Angry Men, American Beauty, Much Ado About Nothing, and Midnight Cowboy are films I liked. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Sirens
2 What else is that about?	Australia
3 I rate Anthony Perkins movies. Any other suggestions?	On the Beach

1 The Terminator, Donnie Brasco, The Usual Suspects, Tarzan, The Great Escape, Alien, and Akira are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Majid Majidi movie.	Baran
2 What else is that about?	Majid Majidi
3 I prefer iran movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Song of Sparrows

1 I loved Beverly Hills Cop, American Beauty, Animal House, Unforgiven, Shrek, The Shadow, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Michelle Pfeiffer movie.	Tequila Sunrise
2 What else is that about?	Mel Gibson, Michelle Pfeiffer
3 I like Romantic Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Could Never Be Your Woman

1 Much Ado About Nothing, A Close Shave, Rumble in the Bronx, The Piano, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Babe, and The Fugitive are films I love. I'm looking for an Ivan Reitman movie.	Dave
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, Kevin Dunn
3 I like Arnold Schwarzenegger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Junior

1 A Beautiful Mind, Identity, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Blues Brothers, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, and Memento are films I really like. I'm looking for a Philip Seymour Hoffman movie.	Mary and Max
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Australia, Eric Bana, Toni Collette, Adam Elliot
3 I prefer Meg Ryan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	When a Man Loves a Woman

1 The Sweet Hereafter, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Jungle Fever, Citizen Kane, My Left Foot, Philadelphia, and You Can Count on Me are films I really like. I'm looking for a Gillian Anderson movie.	The House of Mirth
2 What else is that about?	Gillian Anderson, Edith Wharton

1 I really liked Saving Private Ryan, A Few Good Men, Titanic, Men in Black, Das Boot, The Fugitive, and Antz. I'm looking for a Nora Ephron movie.	You've Got Mail
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan
3 I prefer Madeline Kahn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mixed Nuts

1 Monsters, Inc., Shrek, Alien, Ghost in the Shell, Fargo, The Return of Martin Guerre, and Microcosmos are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Wizards
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, bakshi
3 I like David Yates movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

1 Toy Story, Emma, Elizabeth, Passion Fish, The Piano, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, and Love and Death on Long Island are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Celebrity
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like hollywood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hollywood Ending

1 Sling Blade, The Green Mile, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Romeo and Juliet, Cape Fear, To Catch a Thief, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Pledge
2 Who does that star?	Benicio Del Toro
3 I like Vivean Gray movies more. Do you know anything else?	Picnic at Hanging Rock

1 I really liked The Matrix, Casablanca, Blade Runner, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I prefer Revenge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Spit on Your Grave 2

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Incredibles, Hoosiers, Spider-Man, Ice Age, The Untouchables, and Spider-Man 2 are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John Cleese movie.	Silverado
2 What else is that about?	Western, Kevin Costner, John Cleese, Kevin Kline, Danny Glover, Brian Dennehy, Lawrence Kasdan, Scott Glenn
3 I like Ralph Richardson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Time Bandits

1 The People vs. Larry Flynt, Rear Window, L.A. Confidential, The Godfather, The Manchurian Candidate, and Vertigo are movies I like. I'm looking for a George Hickenlooper movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	Short, Billy Bob Thornton, short film, Molly Ringwald, George Hickenlooper
3 I rate Corruption movies. Any other suggestions?	Casino Jack

1 I really like The Science of Sleep, The Closet, The Fifth Element, Happiness, Hannah and Her Sisters, The Holy Mountain, and Eyes Wide Shut. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Solaris
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrei Tarkovsky
3 I prefer Michael Radford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	White Mischief

1 I love Die Hard, Spider-Man, Citizen Kane, The Matrix, Reservoir Dogs, X-Men, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a harry potter movie.	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Alfonso Cuarón, potter
3 I rate Magic movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

1 I really like Braveheart and Rumble in the Bronx. I'm looking for a Randy Quaid movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I prefer vacation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	National Lampoon's Vacation

1 The Green Mile, Toy Story 2, The Blues Brothers, The Terminator, What Lies Beneath, American Psycho, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	The Kid Stays in the Picture
2 What else is that about?	Biography, Brett Morgen
3 I prefer Drew Barrymore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Riding in Cars with Boys

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Run Lola Run are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert De Niro
3 I prefer Alfonso Cuarón movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Little Princess

1 Seven Years in Tibet, The Usual Suspects, Speed, The Green Mile, Tombstone, Princess Caraboo, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for a Jamie Lee Curtis movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like John Landis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trading Places

1 Rebecca, Double Indemnity, The Shawshank Redemption, Strangers on a Train, The Caine Mutiny, The Exorcist, and Dog Day Afternoon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Wages of Fear
2 What else is that about?	French
3 I rate François Truffaut movies. Any other suggestions?	Jules and Jim

1 Chasing Amy, Network, Big, Midnight Express, Black Hawk Down, Kingpin, and Amélie are films I love. I'm looking for a mockumentary movie.	Drop Dead Gorgeous
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, mockumentary, Kirsten Dunst, Amy Adams, minnesota, beauty pageant
3 I rate punk rock movies. Any other suggestions?	Hard Core Logo

1 I really like The People vs. Larry Flynt, Clerks, The Little Mermaid, With Honors, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Aladdin, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Rising Sun
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Michael Crichton
3 I like Brian Helgeland movies more. Do you know anything else?	Payback

1 I like Back to the Future, Platoon, The Legend of Bagger Vance, Unbreakable, Full Metal Jacket, and Men of Honor. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Youngblood
2 Who does that star?	Patrick Swayze, Rob Lowe, Cynthia Gibb
3 I like Dennis Quaid movies more. Do you know anything else?	Postcards from the Edge

1 Brazil, The Graduate, Fantasia, Akira, Diva, To Catch a Thief, and The Shining are movies I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gaslight
2 Who is that directed by?	Thorold Dickinson
3 I prefer Werner Herzog movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cave of Forgotten Dreams

1 Drugstore Cowboy, Carlito's Way, North by Northwest, Bambi, Citizen Kane, The Big Lebowski, and First Blood are films I like. I'm looking for a Jonathan Demme movie.	Melvin and Howard
2 Who does that star?	Mary Steenburgen, Jason Robards, Paul Le Mat
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Philadelphia

1 I like Some Like It Hot, The Big Sleep, Manhattan, El Dorado, Chinatown, Shane, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Man from Laramie
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Mann
3 I prefer super panavision 70 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mackenna's Gold

1 Braveheart, The Net, and GoldenEye are films I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Congo
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall
3 I prefer John Milius movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conan the Barbarian

1 The Madness of King George, St. Elmo's Fire, Edward Scissorhands, Sense and Sensibility, Dances with Wolves, Catch Me If You Can, and Chicken Run are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 What else is that about?	muppets, cameos, Jim Henson, kermit
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dogma

1 Forrest Gump, Magnolia, Jurassic Park, American Beauty, The Terminator, The Patriot, and Gladiator are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Johnny Depp, r, Tim Burton, Christina Ricci
3 I rate Tension movies. Any other suggestions?	High Tension

1 Children of Men, The Incredibles, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Shawshank Redemption, Shaun of the Dead, Back to the Future, and The Prestige are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Night Watch
2 Who is that directed by?	Timur Bekmambetov
3 I prefer Francis Megahy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taffin

1 Kissing Jessica Stein, The Big Chill, Pleasantville, Chocolat, Rocky, Heaven, and Wag the Dog are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mamma Mia!
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Meryl Streep, Colin Firth, Broadway, Pierce Brosnan, Amanda Seyfried, single mother, abba
3 I prefer Nick Hornby movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Fidelity

1 The Princess Bride, Saved!, Dan in Real Life, That Old Feeling, Under the Tuscan Sun, Little Miss Sunshine, and Sabrina are films I really like. I'm looking for a Stuart Townsend movie.	Chaos Theory
2 Who does that star?	Ryan Reynolds, Emily Mortimer, Stuart Townsend
3 I like Charlize Theron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trapped

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Usual Suspects, Ran, Toy Story, The Silence of the Lambs, and Alien are films I liked. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
3 I like Nicholas Hoult movies more. Do you know anything else?	About a Boy

1 The Crying Game, Mary Poppins, Fargo, Only You, Primal Fear, Cinderella, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Noah Baumbach
3 I prefer civil war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ride with the Devil

1 Twister, Contact, Titanic, Independence Day, Mr. Holland's Opus, Screamers, and Good Will Hunting are movies I like. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	The Hunchback of Notre Dame
2 What else is that about?	Paris, Victor Hugo
3 I rate outback movies. Any other suggestions?	Dingo

1 I liked The Count of Monte Cristo, Finding Forrester, Shrek, A Beautiful Mind, We Were Soldiers, Forrest Gump, and Minority Report. I'm looking for an emotional movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, emotional, spielberg, stranded, Drew Barrymore, e.t.
3 I rate Matt Reeves movies. Any other suggestions?	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

1 When Harry Met Sally..., How to Train Your Dragon, Tangled, Fiddler on the Roof, Ratatouille, Shrek, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Walk the Line
2 What else is that about?	Music, Joaquin Phoenix, biographical, Reese Witherspoon, country music, Johnny Cash, James Mangold, Country
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	Educating Rita

1 Dangerous Liaisons, Dead Poets Society, Elizabeth, The Crying Game, Aliens, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Big Lebowski are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pump Up the Volume
2 What else is that about?	Christian Slater, Allan Moyle
3 I prefer James Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Flight of the Phoenix

1 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Godfather, Fight Club, The Corporation, The Departed, American History X, and Donnie Darko are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Pulcini movie.	American Splendor
2 What else is that about?	Paul Giamatti, comic books, Shari Springer Berman, Robert Pulcini
3 I prefer Diane Lane movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cinema Verite

1 I watched the films Matchstick Men, Fight Club, Memento, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, Back to the Future, and The Silence of the Lambs and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Life of David Gale
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey, Kate Winslet, Alan Parker, capital punishment
3 I rate spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Duel

1 A Few Good Men, The Terminator, Double Jeopardy, American Pie, Remember the Titans, Home Alone, and The Legend of Bagger Vance are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mark Wahlberg movie.	Three Kings
2 Who is that directed by?	David O. Russell
3 I like Seth MacFarlane movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ted

1 I love Back to the Future, Schindler's List, The Mummy, Batman Forever, Mrs. Doubtfire, I Am Legend, and The 40-Year-Old Virgin. I'm looking for an Action movie.	I, Robot
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, James Cromwell, Bridget Moynahan, Alan Tudyk
3 I like Anne Bancroft movies more. Do you know anything else?	G.I. Jane

1 I like Grand Canyon, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Dances with Wolves, The Godfather, Gandhi, Contact, and Jumanji. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I prefer Karl Urban movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dredd

1 Army of Darkness, Jerry Maguire, Beauty and the Beast, Evita, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Cape Fear, and Top Gun are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Frighteners
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I like James Wan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Conjuring

1 I really liked Ronin, Ran, The Silence of the Lambs, Airplane!, Citizen Kane, Seven Samurai, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a space movie.	Forbidden Planet
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, science fiction, shakespeare, Leslie Nielsen
3 I prefer Dennis Quaid movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pandorum

1 The Usual Suspects, Goodfellas, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 What else is that about?	twist ending, Thriller, Bruce Willis, supernatural, surprise ending, M. Night Shyamalan, twist, 2, Haley Joel Osment, dead, shyamalan
3 I like Hostage movies more. Do you know anything else?	Captain Phillips

1 Edward Scissorhands, Fargo, City of God, Secretary, Blow, Y Tu Mamá También, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 Who does that star?	Toni Collette, Sophie Lee
3 I prefer Bing Crosby movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	We're Not Dressing

1 Apollo 13, Vertigo, Apocalypse Now, Young Frankenstein, Lawrence of Arabia, Hamlet, and Citizen Kane are films I really liked. I'm looking for a James Cagney movie.	Blood on the Sun
2 What else is that about?	James Cagney
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	The West Point Story

1 The Cider House Rules, Kissing Jessica Stein, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Whatever It Takes, Dracula, 13 Ghosts, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	House on Haunted Hill
2 What else is that about?	remake, ghosts, haunted house, Geoffrey Rush, Famke Janssen
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mama

1 I love Repo Man, A Clockwork Orange, Raising Arizona, There's Something About Mary, Brazil, Barbarella, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Local Hero
2 Who does that star?	Burt Lancaster, Peter Riegert, Denis Lawson, Fulton Mackay
3 I prefer Ingrid Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cactus Flower

1 I loved The Matrix, The Gods Must Be Crazy, GoldenEye, The NeverEnding Story, Stargate, Labyrinth, and Fantasia. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Untouchables
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Robert De Niro, Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, ennio morricone, Brian De Palma, David Mamet, prohibition, na
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Cellular

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, Pulp Fiction, Six Degrees of Separation, Leaving Las Vegas, The Silence of the Lambs, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and The Last Supper are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I rate french comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Taxi 3

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Jaws, Scarface, The Return of the Living Dead, There's Something About Mary, and The Elephant Man are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Grapes of Wrath
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I like Christophe Gans movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brotherhood of the Wolf

1 Duck Soup, Taxi Driver, The Deer Hunter, The Princess Bride, Stand by Me, Annie Hall, and The Maltese Falcon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a satirical movie.	The Ruling Class
2 What else is that about?	satirical, Peter O'Toole, Peter Medak
3 I like Clea DuVall movies more. Do you know anything else?	But I'm a Cheerleader

1 Fight Club, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Pi, Shrek, and Bicentennial Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Human Traffic
2 What else is that about?	drugs, british
3 I prefer school movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The History Boys

1 I really like The Princess Bride, Duck Soup, The Big Hit, Fargo, Go, Cabaret, and Spawn. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I like animal rights movies more. Do you know anything else?	Year of the Dog

1 I love The Negotiator, The Pope of Greenwich Village, The Wizard of Oz, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Great Escape, Sneakers, and The Godfather. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ronin
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Robert De Niro, car chase, Jean Reno, chase, David Mamet, spy thriller, John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	MacGruber

1 I watched the films Little Big Man, The NeverEnding Story, A Christmas Story, Saving Private Ryan, The Dark Crystal, Ladyhawke, and All About Eve and loved them. I'm looking for a New York movie.	Auntie Mame
2 Who is that directed by?	Morton DaCosta
3 I rate Josh Gordon movies. Any other suggestions?	The Switch

1 The Others, The Blair Witch Project, Crash, The Motorcycle Diaries, Any Given Sunday, The Sixth Sense, and Rain Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fever Pitch
2 Who does that star?	Drew Barrymore, Jimmy Fallon
3 I prefer Dick Shawn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Producers

1 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing, A Hard Day's Night, Gregory's Girl, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Gone with the Wind, Rebel Without a Cause, and Heathers are films I really like. I'm looking for a René Clair movie.	À Nous la Liberté
2 What else is that about?	French, René Clair
3 I rate Veronica Lake movies. Any other suggestions?	I Married a Witch

1 50 First Dates, It's a Wonderful Life, The Wedding Singer, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Back to the Future, Finding Nemo, and The Lion King are films I love. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	You've Got Mail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Tom Hanks, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Nora Ephron
3 I prefer William Wyler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Roman Holiday

1 Edward Scissorhands, Bottle Rocket, Bound, Annie Hall, The Big Kahuna, Metropolitan, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for an afterlife movie.	Defending Your Life
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, afterlife, Albert Brooks

1 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Terminator, In Bruges, 24 Hour Party People, Inglourious Basterds, Spirited Away, and Being John Malkovich are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Darko
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Kelly
3 I like Joseph Anthony movies more. Do you know anything else?	Career

1 I really like Alice in Wonderland, The NeverEnding Story, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, True Grit, The Usual Suspects, The Prestige, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, David Della Rocco
3 I prefer Tupac Shakur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gridlock'd

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, The In-Laws, The Color of Friendship, A Cinderella Story, New in Town, Sister Act, and Journey to the Center of the Earth are movies I liked. I'm looking for a denver movie.	Imagine That
2 What else is that about?	colorado, denver

1 I watched the films Scrooged, Men in Black, Heavy Metal, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Stand by Me, Back to the Future, and Ghostbusters and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Parenthood
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Thomas Vinterberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Submarino

1 True Lies and Clear and Present Danger are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I prefer Robert Mulligan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Same Time, Next Year

1 Poltergeist, Heathers, The Abyss, The Patriot, Die Hard, Gremlins, and Mighty Joe Young are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Always
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Peter Glenville movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Prisoner

1 Fiddler on the Roof, Chocolat, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The War of the Worlds, Dead Again, and The Wizard of Oz are films I liked. I'm looking for a Norman Jewison movie.	Moonstruck
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Nicolas Cage, Romantic Comedy, New York, Norman Jewison, Cher, Olympia Dukakis, John Patrick Shanley
3 I rate Doris Day movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thrill of It All

1 MASH, Jerry Maguire, Dead Poets Society, The Princess Bride, My Left Foot, Babe, and The Apartment are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Unforgiven
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Richard Harris
3 I rate Melvyn Douglas movies. Any other suggestions?	Advance to the Rear

1 I loved Desperate Living, Fargo, The Royal Tenenbaums, American Psycho, Bloody Sunday, Yellow Submarine, and Blue Velvet. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Onibaba
2 Who does that star?	Nobuko Otowa, Jitsuko Yoshimura
3 I like Kerr Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Final Destination

1 Ghost, Sleepless in Seattle, Angels in the Outfield, Ransom, Jurassic Park, A Walk in the Clouds, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I love. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Nell
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson, Richard Libertini
3 I rate Dermot Mulroney movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grey

1 Schindler's List, Aladdin, Natural Born Killers, Nell, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Fugitive are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I rate score movies. Any other suggestions?	Toy Story 3

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Some Like It Hot, The Red Shoes, Nosferatu, Plan 9 from Outer Space, Sweet Smell of Success, and West Side Story are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Man of the West
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Western, Anthony Mann
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Hobson's Choice

1 I watched the films Where the Heart Is, The Little Mermaid, Romeo + Juliet, and 101 Dalmatians and loved them. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Coyote Ugly
2 Who is that directed by?	David McNally
3 I like Nancy Meyers movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Holiday

1 I really like The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Grumpier Old Men, The Adventures of Pinocchio, The River Wild, Jack, and Ransom. I'm looking for a Barbra Streisand movie.	The Mirror Has Two Faces
2 What else is that about?	Barbra Streisand
3 I like William Wyler movies more. Do you know anything else?	Funny Girl

1 I like Panic Room, Instinct, The Hunt for Red October, The Edge, Lethal Weapon, Payback, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Rookie
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Quaid, Rachel Griffiths, Jay Hernandez
3 I like Brad Pitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moneyball

1 Batman Returns, The Proposal, Iron Man, Brothers, Sweet Home Alabama, Just Friends, and Jumper are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Awake
2 Who is that directed by?	Joby Harold
3 I rate John Frankenheimer movies. Any other suggestions?	The Manchurian Candidate

1 The Red Violin, Soylent Green, Toy Story, Singin' in the Rain, Blade Runner, Cinema Paradiso, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Last Summer in the Hamptons
2 Who does that star?	Viveca Lindfors, Victoria Foyt

1 Braveheart, Forrest Gump, Dances with Wolves, While You Were Sleeping, Ghost, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Apollo 13 are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	Nell
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate robert downey jr movies. Any other suggestions?	Home for the Holidays

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The Rock, and Happy Gilmore are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I prefer Irene Dunne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life with Father

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Quills, Raging Bull, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Dog Day Afternoon, Clerks, and American Beauty are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Psycho Beach Party
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Lee King
3 I rate Peter Hyams movies. Any other suggestions?	The Relic

1 I watched the films Shrek 2, The Incredibles, Shrek, Monsters, Inc., Pleasantville, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Howl's Moving Castle and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love Actually
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, british, christmas, Love, London, romantic, Richard Curtis
3 I prefer Keanu Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Replacements

1 I really liked Raising Arizona, American Beauty, The Sound of Music, Dog Day Afternoon, The Last Detail, Manhattan, and Midnight Run. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pixote
2 Who does that star?	Fernando Ramos da Silva
3 I rate Lionel Barrymore movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bells

1 I love The Big Lebowski, The Testament of Dr. Mabuse, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, They Live, and The Producers. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	UHF
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, weird, television, weird al, Michael Richards, Fran Drescher
3 I rate Gene Wilder movies. Any other suggestions?	Stir Crazy

1 Pulp Fiction, Gattaca, Romeo + Juliet, Forrest Gump, The Iron Giant, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I love. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Titus
2 Who is that directed by?	Julie Taymor
3 I prefer Scott Hicks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hearts in Atlantis

1 Letters from Iwo Jima, Shutter Island, The Sixth Sense, Dogville, Sin City, Malcolm X, and Batman Begins are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hot Fuzz
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Police, Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Edgar Wright, cornetto trilogy
3 I like Akira Kurosawa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Man Standing

1 Shane, Toy Story 2, Dawn of the Dead, Naked, Rosemary's Baby, Hugo, and While You Were Sleeping are films I loved. I'm looking for a pixar movie.	Boundin'
2 What else is that about?	pixar, Short
3 I prefer Moon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	La Luna

1 I watched the films Dead Again, The Hours, Hannah and Her Sisters, Bad Santa, Caddyshack, The Deer Hunter, and Memento and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Limey
2 Who does that star?	Luis Guzmán, Terence Stamp, Lesley Ann Warren, Barry Newman
3 I rate Capucine movies. Any other suggestions?	The Honey Pot

1 Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, The Lion King, While You Were Sleeping, Waterworld, Dances with Wolves, and The Hunchback of Notre Dame are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Who Am I?

1 I liked The Prestige, Quantum of Solace, X-Men, Sherlock Holmes, Thor, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Stardust. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	Edge of Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, future, Tom Cruise, time loop, Emily Blunt, Doug Liman
3 I prefer immigrants movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Far and Away

1 Toy Story 2, There's Something About Mary, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Sliding Doors, Great Expectations, The Matrix, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Chris Buck movie.	Tarzan
2 What else is that about?	disney, disney animated feature, Lance Henriksen, Edgar Rice Burroughs, disney renaissance, Rosie O'Donnell, Chris Buck
3 I rate mockumentary movies. Any other suggestions?	Surf's Up

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Iron Giant, The Apartment, Monsters, Inc., When Harry Met Sally..., The Terminator, and The Kid are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monsieur Verdoux
2 What else is that about?	Charles Chaplin, Chaplin
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Click

1 I watched the films Donnie Darko, Fight Club, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, High Fidelity, American History X, Old School, and Hero and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Ritchie
3 I prefer John Crowley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Intermission

1 I like About a Boy, The Full Monty, American Graffiti, Good Will Hunting, The African Queen, The Shop Around the Corner, and A Face in the Crowd. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Small Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I like Joe Johnston movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jumanji

1 Apocalypse Now, Casablanca, The General, The Night of the Hunter, Rear Window, The Wrong Trousers, and Modern Times are films I loved. I'm looking for a Class movie.	The Rules of the Game
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jean Renoir, Class
3 I like Eddie Murphy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trading Places

1 I like American Beauty, Citizen Kane, The Silence of the Lambs, Life Is Beautiful, When Harry Met Sally..., Midnight Cowboy, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Annie Hall
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Spike Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inside Man

1 Alien, Minority Report, A Grand Day Out, Apollo 13, A Close Shave, Back to the Future Part III, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tony Gilroy movie.	The Bourne Legacy
2 What else is that about?	Action, Edward Norton, Rachel Weisz, Jeremy Renner, Tony Gilroy
3 I prefer Clive Owen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Duplicity

1 The Princess Bride, The Wrong Trousers, The Incredibles, American Beauty, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, and Cool Hand Luke are movies I loved. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I like spielberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Close Encounters of the Third Kind

1 I liked L.A. Confidential, Thirteen Days, Stand by Me, Babe, That Thing You Do!, Goodfellas, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Say Anything...
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Ione Skye
3 I prefer Jonathan Cake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Diamond Girl

1 I like Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Full Metal Jacket, Die Hard, Fargo, The Terminator, Forrest Gump, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Sam Raimi movie.	Army of Darkness
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, stylized, Fantasy, r, own, usa, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Undead
3 I rate Alison Lohman movies. Any other suggestions?	Drag Me to Hell

1 Notting Hill, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Cast Away, The Usual Suspects, Up, Inception, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I like. I'm looking for a Gregory Hoblit movie.	Frequency
2 What else is that about?	Gregory Hoblit
3 I rate John Goodman movies. Any other suggestions?	Fallen

1 Pearl Harbor, Avatar, Jumper, Schindler's List, Source Code, Scarface, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Warrior
2 What else is that about?	sports, Brothers, Tom Hardy, Nick Nolte, mma, Gavin O'Connor, Joel Edgerton
3 I prefer Johnny Depp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Libertine

1 I loved Othello, Men of Honor, Sister Act, City of Angels, Jumanji, Apollo 13, and Grumpier Old Men. I'm looking for an Uma Thurman movie.	A Month by the Lake
2 Who does that star?	Uma Thurman, Vanessa Redgrave, Edward Fox
3 I like Angie Dickinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Even Cowgirls Get the Blues

1 Welcome to the Dollhouse, Run Lola Run, Three Days of the Condor, White Men Can't Jump, Les Misérables, The Passion of Joan of Arc, and Breaking Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Philip Kaufman movie.	The Wanderers
2 What else is that about?	Philip Kaufman
3 I rate sex movies. Any other suggestions?	Quills

1 Fiddler on the Roof, Parenthood, Sleepless in Seattle, Saving Private Ryan, The Princess Bride, The Abyss, and G.I. Jane are films I loved. I'm looking for an amish movie.	Witness
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir

1 The Firm, Clueless, Dances with Wolves, Nine Months, Species, The Client, and The Mask are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beverly Hills Cop III
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Eddie Murphy, John Landis
3 I rate Alan Parker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Commitments

1 Back to the Future, True Lies, The Waterboy, Big, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Cast Away, and The Fugitive are films I really like. I'm looking for a G.W. Bailey movie.	Police Academy
2 Who does that star?	Kim Cattrall, Steve Guttenberg, G.W. Bailey

1 I like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pulp Fiction, Men in Black, The Full Monty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Streetcar Named Desire, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	¡Three Amigos!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, John Landis, Martin Short
3 I rate François Ozon movies. Any other suggestions?	Potiche

1 Kids, Tremors, Naked Lunch, The Dark Crystal, Tombstone, Chasing Amy, and The City of Lost Children are movies I loved. I'm looking for a clowns movie.	Killer Klowns from Outer Space
2 Who does that star?	Suzanne Snyder, Grant Cramer
3 I prefer Julie Brown movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shakes the Clown

1 Singin' in the Rain, Schindler's List, Young Frankenstein, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, Dodsworth, Taxi Driver, and Waiting for Guffman are movies I like. I'm looking for a Robert Altman movie.	The Long Goodbye
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman

1 I liked Boogie Nights, Rushmore, The Exorcist, Good Will Hunting, Three Kings, Shakespeare in Love, and The Dead Zone. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Crimes and Misdemeanors
2 Who does that star?	Martin Landau
3 I like Cate Blanchett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Jasmine

1 Batman Forever, Jurassic Park, Clueless, Braveheart, Stargate, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Pulp movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stylized, violence, black comedy, Crime, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, r, dialogue, original, Samuel L. Jackson, humor, own, Uma Thurman, characters, John Travolta, tarantino, noir, cult, non-linear, ironic, mob, Pulp, conversation, unconventional, pop culture references, style, Roger Avary, mobster, monologue, post-modern
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Conan the Barbarian

1 Requiem for a Dream, The Terminator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Matrix, Casino, Mulholland Drive, and Jacob's Ladder are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a tezuka movie.	Metropolis
2 Who is that directed by?	Rintaro

1 The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Ghost, Aladdin, Apollo 13, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Rob Roy
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, John Hurt, Jessica Lange
3 I rate Bradley Cooper movies. Any other suggestions?	The A-Team

1 Rushmore, Dead Poets Society, The Sting, Gandhi, Exotica, It's a Wonderful Life, and Braveheart are films I loved. I'm looking for a Martin Scorsese movie.	The Color of Money
2 What else is that about?	Tom Cruise, Martin Scorsese, Paul Newman, pool
3 I like Leonardo DiCaprio movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wolf of Wall Street

1 I really like Antz, The Prince of Egypt, The Princess Bride, George of the Jungle, Toy Story 2, Titanic, and Pay It Forward. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Medicine Man
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery
3 I rate Umberto Eco movies. Any other suggestions?	The Name of the Rose

1 Apollo 13, Jurassic Park, Clear and Present Danger, The Net, Babe, and Pretty Woman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jumanji
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Robin Williams, children, Kirsten Dunst, Joe Johnston, game, Chris Van Allsburg
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arabian Nights

1 The Bridges of Madison County, The Green Mile, The Devil Wears Prada, Out of Africa, Mamma Mia!, Gran Torino, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	Harry Brown
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer
3 I rate Christian Bale movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dark Knight Rises

1 I liked Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Titan A.E., Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Gladiator, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, The Dark Crystal, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Stigmata
2 Who is that directed by?	Rupert Wainwright
3 I rate Tina Hirsch movies. Any other suggestions?	Munchies

1 I really like While You Were Sleeping, The Firm, The Fugitive, GoldenEye, Apollo 13, Aladdin, and Speed. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate Western movies. Any other suggestions?	Young Guns

1 Saving Private Ryan, The Usual Suspects, Apollo 13, Being There, Lethal Weapon, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Casablanca are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harvey
2 Who is that directed by?	George Schaefer
3 I like Michael Carreras movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lost Continent

1 A Time to Kill, You've Got Mail, Saving Private Ryan, Fried Green Tomatoes, Schindler's List, Titanic, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 Who does that star?	Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller
3 I rate Elizabeth Olsen movies. Any other suggestions?	Oldboy

1 I watched the films La Femme Nikita, American Beauty, Lost in Translation, The Breakfast Club, Aliens, Goodfellas, and Jackie Brown and loved them. I'm looking for a George Clooney movie.	Out of Sight
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Jennifer Lopez
3 I prefer Jim Caviezel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Thin Red Line

1 I like Crimson Tide, Serial Mom, Aladdin, Broken Arrow, Apollo 13, Batman Forever, and Another Stakeout. I'm looking for a Bob Hoskins movie.	Super Mario Bros.
2 Who is that directed by?	Annabel Jankel, Rocky Morton
3 I rate Richard Benjamin movies. Any other suggestions?	Mermaids

1 The Night of the Hunter, L.A. Confidential, The Conversation, The Maltese Falcon, Casablanca, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Midnight Cowboy are films I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	All the President's Men
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford
3 I rate Morgan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	An Unfinished Life

1 The Virgin Spring, Alexander Nevsky, La Notte, The Seven Year Itch, Pather Panchali, The Rules of the Game, and Ivan's Childhood are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Public Enemy
2 Who does that star?	James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Jean Harlow, Edward Woods
3 I rate James Caan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Gambler

1 I liked Die Hard, Shrek 2, The Terminator, Ghost World, Spider-Man 2, The Green Mile, and American Splendor. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Thing
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Antarctica, Norwegian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead
3 I rate sequel movies. Any other suggestions?	Jaws 2

1 Donnie Brasco, Schindler's List, Friday the 13th, Die Hard 2, Unforgiven, Total Recall, and Sneakers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	Alive
2 What else is that about?	japan, Prison
3 I prefer story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American History X

1 The Sixth Sense, Arachnophobia, The Dead Zone, Switchback, A Perfect Murder, Ransom, and Broken Arrow are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Stir of Echoes
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon
3 I prefer Patrick Casey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Transylmania

1 I really like Die Hard, Casino, The Lion King, Ghost, Apollo 13, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Bridges of Madison County. I'm looking for a Lili Taylor movie.	Ransom
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Mel Gibson, Ron Howard, Gary Sinise, Lili Taylor, Rene Russo
3 I like Guy Pearce movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Slipping-Down Life

1 I loved The Dark Knight, Equilibrium, Blade II, The Hangover, Black Hawk Down, Batman Begins, and Blow. I'm looking for an Edward Norton movie.	Red Dragon
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, r, remake, Edward Norton, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Anthony Hopkins, Ralph Fiennes, fbi, hannibal lecter, Harvey Keitel, Emily Watson, Brett Ratner
3 I rate Robin Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	Death to Smoochy

1 The Wizard of Oz, The Shawshank Redemption, Spirited Away, Platoon, American History X, City of God, and Apocalypse Now are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Grindhouse
2 What else is that about?	Action, Quentin Tarantino, murder, r, Robert Rodriguez, tarantino, Kurt Russell, Grindhouse, Rosario Dawson, exploitation, double feature, fake trailers
3 I like John Cusack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Con Air

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Secret Garden, Home Alone, Speed, Dave, and Lethal Weapon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Chicago movie.	Adventures in Babysitting
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Adventure, Chicago, Chris Columbus, Elisabeth Shue, Babysitting
3 I like Winona Ryder movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dilemma

1 I loved Independence Day, The Silence of the Lambs, Clerks, Speed, Dances with Wolves, Jurassic Park, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a Rosario Dawson movie.	Kids
2 Who does that star?	Justin Pierce, Leo Fitzpatrick
3 I rate Jessica Alba movies. Any other suggestions?	Sin City

1 Back to the Future, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Untouchables, Raising Arizona, Heathers, Some Kind of Wonderful, and Night Shift are films I like. I'm looking for a teen movie.	Weird Science
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, John Hughes, Anthony Michael Hall, Kelly LeBrock
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 Schindler's List, 21 Grams, Oldboy, Training Day, Gladiator, Primal Fear, and The Conversation are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kramer vs. Kramer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Divorce, Robert Benton
3 I prefer tragedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Leviathan

1 East of Eden, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Incredibles, Finding Nemo, The Iron Giant, Pollyanna, and Ordinary People are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Please Don't Eat the Daisies
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Walters
3 I rate Gary Halvorson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland

1 I loved Jaws, Rear Window, Hoop Dreams, Say Anything..., The Blair Witch Project, The Untouchables, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	The Natural
2 What else is that about?	baseball, Robert Redford, Robert Duvall, shooting, Glenn Close, Barry Levinson, Kim Basinger
3 I like River Phoenix movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sneakers

1 I liked Reality Bites, The Crow, Philadelphia, Legends of the Fall, Eye for an Eye, Just Cause, and Sleepless in Seattle. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Losing Isaiah
2 Who does that star?	Halle Berry, Jessica Lange
3 I like Dennis Weaver movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Gallant Hours

1 I really like Cry, the Beloved Country, Citizen Kane, The Station Agent, North by Northwest, MASH, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and The Da Vinci Code. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Marleen Gorris
3 I rate Jon Avnet movies. Any other suggestions?	Fried Green Tomatoes

1 Strangers on a Train, Five Easy Pieces, The Blue Angel, A Clockwork Orange, Contempt, Bringing Up Baby, and Vertigo are films I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	La Grande Illusion
2 What else is that about?	War, world war i, Jean Renoir, prisoners of war
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Went the Day Well?

1 MASH, Nashville, The Princess Bride, Heat, Little Voice, Raging Bull, and Heartburn are films I liked. I'm looking for a Harry Dean Stanton movie.	Paris, Texas
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, criterion, cinematography, golden palm, Wim Wenders, Nastassja Kinski, Harry Dean Stanton, Dean Stockwell
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Paris, Texas

1 I watched the films Cold Comfort Farm, Fantasia, The Princess Bride, Muppet Treasure Island, Gandhi, Henry V, and Casablanca and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Emma
2 What else is that about?	british, Jane Austen, Gwyneth Paltrow, Douglas McGrath, austen
3 I rate Brazil movies. Any other suggestions?	Reaching for the Moon

1 Michael, Aladdin, The Adventures of Pinocchio, Sleepless in Seattle, The Shawshank Redemption, Speed, and Babe are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Renaissance Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I rate Philippe de Broca movies. Any other suggestions?	King of Hearts

1 Wayne's World, Groundhog Day, Midnight Cowboy, U Turn, The Conversation, Aliens, and The Evil Dead are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Mosquito Coast
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I like John Schlesinger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yanks

1 Dead Poets Society, Jean de Florette, Cinema Paradiso, The Crying Game, Blade Runner, Life Is Beautiful, and Europa Europa are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Seducing Doctor Lewis
2 Who does that star?	Raymond Bouchard
3 I like Ginger Rogers movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Major and the Minor

1 I like Bitter Moon, The Silence of the Lambs, GoldenEye, Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, True Romance, and 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Sunrise
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater
3 I prefer Terrence Malick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Days of Heaven

1 I loved Being John Malkovich, The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, Being There, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Demolition Man, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Armour of God
2 What else is that about?	kung fu, Jackie Chan
3 I rate Jonathan Levine movies. Any other suggestions?	Warm Bodies

1 Gladiator, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Exorcist, Independence Day, The Shining, and Die Hard are movies I really like. I'm looking for an animals movie.	The Bear
2 Who does that star?	Bart the Bear
3 I prefer Milo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Milo and Otis

1 I loved Harvey, A Soldier's Story, 12 Angry Men, Repo Man, The Wolf Man, Driving Miss Daisy, and Little Shop of Horrors. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	The Color of Money
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Paul Newman, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Helen Shaver
3 I prefer Diego Boneta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rock of Ages

1 I liked Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, Stargate, Jerry Maguire, Phenomenon, and Armageddon. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Fallen
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Hoblit
3 I like John McNaughton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Normal Life

1 American Splendor, The Godfather, Hannah and Her Sisters, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Best in Show, Punch-Drunk Love, and Manhattan are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Broadway Danny Rose
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Edwin L. Marin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Death Kiss

1 His Girl Friday, Evil Dead II, Fantasia, Back to the Future, The Killer, Toy Story 2, and Airplane! are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 Who does that star?	Joseph Cotten, Teresa Wright
3 I like Kelly Lin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boarding Gate

1 The Fugitive, In the Line of Fire, Sense and Sensibility, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lion in Winter

1 I watched the films Coherence, The Silence of the Lambs, Blade Runner, Goodfellas, Casino, The Social Network, and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford and loved them. I'm looking for a Denis Villeneuve movie.	Enemy
2 Who is that directed by?	Denis Villeneuve

1 Pulp Fiction, Full Metal Jacket, Alien, Die Hard, A Clockwork Orange, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Blade Runner are films I loved. I'm looking for an István Szabó movie.	Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	István Szabó
3 I like Annette Bening movies more. Do you know anything else?	Being Julia

1 I really like Memento, Source Code, The Departed, Saving Private Ryan, Toy Story, Road Trip, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hot Fuzz
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Police, Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Edgar Wright, cornetto trilogy
3 I prefer Menahem Golan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Death Wish II

1 Babe, Elizabeth, Ran, Aliens, Arsenic and Old Lace, Raging Bull, and Cocoon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	You Can't Take It With You
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Lionel Barrymore, Jean Arthur, Edward Arnold
3 I like Billy Crudup movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dedication

1 Gattaca, The Shawshank Redemption, Sherlock Holmes, The Intouchables, The Princess Bride, Man on Wire, and The Help are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	We Were Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Randall Wallace
3 I rate George Cukor movies. Any other suggestions?	What Price Hollywood?

1 I loved 10 Things I Hate About You, About a Boy, Hairspray, He's Just Not That Into You, and 2012. I'm looking for a Leslie Mann movie.	17 Again
2 What else is that about?	High School, Leslie Mann, Matthew Perry, Zac Efron, Michelle Trachtenberg
3 I like pregnancy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Knocked Up

1 I love Jurassic Park, Crimson Tide, Four Weddings and a Funeral, True Lies, Only You, Speed, and Philadelphia. I'm looking for a Guy Pearce movie.	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Hugo Weaving, Terence Stamp
3 I like Tawanda Manyimo movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rover

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Fitzcarraldo, Raising Arizona, The Usual Suspects, 8½, The Blues Brothers, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	One False Move
2 What else is that about?	Bill Paxton, Carl Franklin
3 I like Vincent D'Onofrio movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cell

1 The City of Lost Children, Ichi the Killer, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Grizzly Man, The Hidden Fortress, and Shaun of the Dead are films I really liked. I'm looking for a hugo award movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I rate direction movies. Any other suggestions?	Alien

1 I like RoboCop, The Strange Love of Martha Ivers, Children of Paradise, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Pinocchio, and Night of the Comet. I'm looking for a Broadway movie.	The Pajama Game
2 Who does that star?	Doris Day
3 I like Ellen Greene movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Shop of Horrors

1 Awakenings, We Were Soldiers, Love Actually, Kingdom of Heaven, The Shawshank Redemption, Cinderella, and Ocean's 11 are films I really like. I'm looking for an Andrew Lloyd Webber movie.	The Phantom of the Opera
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Gerard Butler, Minnie Driver, Joel Schumacher, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Patrick Wilson, Emmy Rossum
3 I like jesus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jesus Christ Superstar

1 Croupier, Suture, Murder, My Sweet, Breaker Morant, Cape Fear, Dead Man Walking, and Anatomy of a Murder are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Terrorist
2 Who is that directed by?	Santosh Sivan
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Quiz Show, Raising Arizona, Run Lola Run, The Full Monty, Back to the Future, A Nightmare on Elm Street, and North by Northwest are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Helen Mirren movie.	The Pledge
2 Who does that star?	Benicio Del Toro
3 I rate Russell Crowe movies. Any other suggestions?	State of Play

1 Finding Nemo, The Goodbye Girl, The Blind Side, Dragonfly, Cinderella Man, Billy Madison, and Hope Floats are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pearl Harbor
2 What else is that about?	Action, Romance, Drama, War, japan, Ben Affleck, dramatic, Michael Bay, Kate Beckinsale, Josh Hartnett, jerry bruckheimer, Jon Voight, world
3 I like library movies more. Do you know anything else?	Malcolm X

1 Before Sunrise, The Godfather, Shakespeare in Love, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Pianist are films I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I prefer Michael Apted movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Coal Miner's Daughter

1 8½, My Left Foot, Jaws, Amélie, Nosferatu, Pather Panchali, and The Graduate are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Faces
2 Who does that star?	Gena Rowlands, John Marley, Lynn Carlin
3 I rate Steven Bauer movies. Any other suggestions?	Thief of Hearts

1 The Social Network, Rain Man, Men of Honor, Seven Pounds, Cinderella Man, When Harry Met Sally..., and Dangerous Minds are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Inside Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I prefer Sergey Bodrov movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Quickie

1 Blazing Saddles, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wedding Singer, The Game, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Unforgiven, and The Green Mile are films I really liked. I'm looking for a virginity movie.	American Pie
2 Who does that star?	Jason Biggs, Chris Klein, Alyson Hannigan, Thomas Ian Nicholas

1 The Usual Suspects, Goldfinger, Being John Malkovich, Clerks, Glory, The Ref, and Clueless are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	U-571
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Submarine, u-boat
3 I like Andrzej Wajda movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Generation

1 The Duellists, The Charge of the Light Brigade, Sands of Iwo Jima, The Good Thief, My Cousin Vinny, Dangerous Minds, and Underground are films I really liked. I'm looking for a spy movie.	The Fourth Protocol
2 What else is that about?	cold war, spy
3 I prefer love triangle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Means War

1 Shrek, Finding Nemo, and Toy Story 2 are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 Who is that directed by?	M. Night Shyamalan
3 I rate William Eubank movies. Any other suggestions?	The Signal

1 Eyes Wide Shut, The Godfather, A Clockwork Orange, The Corporation, Vanilla Sky, The Motorcycle Diaries, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Anatomy
2 Who is that directed by?	Stefan Ruzowitzky
3 I like Ben Wheatley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kill List

1 Before Sunrise, The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Secretary, Little Miss Sunshine, Fight Club, and Velvet Goldmine are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Paris, France movie.	Amélie
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I like Ewan McGregor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moulin Rouge!

1 Best in Show, Young Frankenstein, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Chinatown, Lost in Translation, Dancer in the Dark, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I prefer Val Kilmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Salton Sea

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Stranger Than Paradise, MASH, Chasing Amy, Leaving Las Vegas, Election, and Bulworth are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Grapes of Wrath
2 Who does that star?	Henry Fonda
3 I rate Jackie Cooper movies. Any other suggestions?	White Banners

1 Training Day, Raging Bull, Donnie Darko, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Aliens, Contact, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a vietnam movie.	Born on the Fourth of July
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Tom Cruise, vietnam war, vietnam, Oliver Stone, activist
3 I rate Christopher Walken movies. Any other suggestions?	The Deer Hunter

1 The Full Monty, Chasing Amy, Ghostbusters, Dolores Claiborne, Brazil, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Dogma are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.	Total Recall
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sharon Stone, Ronny Cox, Rachel Ticotin
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Expendables 3

1 I love Thank You for Smoking, Serenity, Inception, Garden State, The Big Lebowski, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Comedians of Comedy
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Blieden
3 I prefer David Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's a Great Feeling

1 I like Casablanca, Mr. Holland's Opus, Toy Story, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Rocky, Central Station, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Dangerous Liaisons
2 Who does that star?	Cecilia Cheung
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Farewell My Concubine, Fargo, Shakespeare in Love, Gone with the Wind, Sense and Sensibility, Schindler's List, and Persuasion are films I love. I'm looking for an Edith Wharton movie.	The Age of Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Terence Davies movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The House of Mirth

1 Chinatown, Caddyshack, Airplane!, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rutger Hauer movie.	Blade Runner
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Young, Rutger Hauer, Edward James Olmos
3 I rate Michelle Pfeiffer movies. Any other suggestions?	Ladyhawke

1 The Princess Bride, Apollo 13, Rain Man, Mary Poppins, The Sound of Music, Tommy Boy, and My Fair Lady are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amistad
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, historical, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, united states
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Catch Me If You Can

1 King of the Hill, Fargo, Annie Hall, Election, Citizen Ruth, The Trip to Bountiful, and Being John Malkovich are movies I like. I'm looking for a jazz movie.	Sweet and Lowdown
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Lonette McKee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cotton Club

1 I love Sense and Sensibility, Toy Story, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Apollo 13, The Lion King, Waterworld, and The American President. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	Persuasion
2 What else is that about?	Jane Austen, adaptation, Roger Michell
3 I like Kevin Costner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Postman

1 West Side Story, Les Misérables, Capote, The Graduate, Dead Poets Society, Bringing Up Baby, and The Taking of Pelham One Two Three are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Three Days of the Condor
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, 1970s, cia, Robert Redford, Sydney Pollack, Faye Dunaway
3 I rate Paddy Considine movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Man's Shoes

1 Cinema Paradiso, The Philadelphia Story, Laura, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Vertigo, The Maltese Falcon, and Everyone Says I Love You are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Richard Lester movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Lester

1 A Man for All Seasons, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Longtime Companion, The Dark Crystal, The Shawshank Redemption, The Quiet Man, and In the Heat of the Night are movies I really like. I'm looking for a noir movie.	Laura
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Price, Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney, Clifton Webb
3 I like Jessica Alba movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sin City

1 Crash, Clerks, Back to the Future, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, The Original Kings of Comedy, and Rocky are films I really liked. I'm looking for a dc comics movie.	Superman III
2 What else is that about?	superhero, super-hero, dc comics, Superman, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor
3 I prefer Batman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Catwoman

1 I watched the films Twister, Outbreak, The Firm, Con Air, The Beautician and the Beast, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Nutty Professor and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Just Cause
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne
3 I prefer Amanda Peet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Whole Ten Yards

1 I like The Fisher King, The Wrong Trousers, Dune, Blue Velvet, Never Cry Wolf, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and The Year My Voice Broke. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Drugstore Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Gus Van Sant, Heather Graham
3 I rate Koreyoshi Kurahara movies. Any other suggestions?	I Am Waiting

1 Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Clerks, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mallrats
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, view askew, jay and silent bob, Jason Lee
3 I prefer Chris Rock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Head of State

1 There's Something About Mary, Skyfall, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Player, Waiting for Guffman, The World's End, and Amélie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a monologue movie.	Swimming to Cambodia
2 Who does that star?	Spalding Gray
3 I prefer John Travolta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pulp Fiction

1 I loved Hedwig and the Angry Inch, The Royal Tenenbaums, Mildred Pierce, Norma Rae, The Shop Around the Corner, It Happened One Night, and Persuasion. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	The Kid Stays in the Picture
2 What else is that about?	Biography, Brett Morgen
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Yves Saint Laurent

1 I liked Persuasion, The Commitments, Election, Dead Man Walking, The Graduate, The Incredibles, and You Can Count on Me. I'm looking for a r movie.	Junebug
2 Who is that directed by?	Phil Morrison
3 I rate Pedro Almodóvar movies. Any other suggestions?	Volver

1 I liked Romancing the Stone, Philadelphia, The Thin Red Line, Being There, True Lies, Desperately Seeking Susan, and The Big Sleep. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I rate Willem Dafoe movies. Any other suggestions?	John Wick

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, and Quiz Show. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I rate Edward Andrews movies. Any other suggestions?	The Young Savages

1 True Lies, Glory, Princess Mononoke, The Hunt for Red October, Casablanca, Duck Soup, and MASH are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Crow
2 Who is that directed by?	Alex Proyas
3 I like Luc Besson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fifth Element

1 Billy Elliot, Shakespeare in Love, The Poseidon Adventure, Shrek, The Prince of Egypt, The Patriot, and Cast Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Bryan Singer movie.	X-Men
2 What else is that about?	superhero, franchise, ensemble cast, future, marvel, Hugh Jackman, super-hero, Patrick Stewart, Mutants, Halle Berry, Ian McKellen, comics, Bryan Singer, X-Men, superhero team, James Marsden, wolverine, tolerance, Rogue
3 I rate holocaust movies. Any other suggestions?	Apt Pupil

1 I loved North by Northwest, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Untouchables, Fight Club, Poltergeist, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and Alien. I'm looking for a Mary Steenburgen movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, future, science fiction, Western, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, Lea Thompson, Mary Steenburgen
3 I like Jack Nicholson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Goin' South

1 I love The Maltese Falcon, Short Cuts, Patton, The Graduate, Psycho, Ed Wood, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I rate John Waters movies. Any other suggestions?	Pecker

1 Dead Man Walking, The Last King of Scotland, Amélie, Pulp Fiction, Little Miss Sunshine, Leaving Las Vegas, and American Beauty are movies I loved. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Capote
2 Who does that star?	Philip Seymour Hoffman
3 I prefer Jim Carrey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man on the Moon

1 Showgirls, The Lion King, The Shawshank Redemption, Beauty and the Beast, Ghost, Nine Months, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I prefer british comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	School for Scoundrels

1 I loved A Room with a View, The Verdict, You've Got Mail, A Man for All Seasons, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Witness, and Forget Paris. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	Sommersby
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I prefer David Fincher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Panic Room

1 The Usual Suspects, Apollo 13, American Beauty, L.A. Confidential, Saving Private Ryan, Do the Right Thing, and Army of Darkness are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 Who does that star?	Katie Holmes, Sarah Polley, Desmond Askew
3 I like Haley Lu Richardson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bronze

1 Ghostbusters, Run Lola Run, Gladiator, The Cell, Toy Story 2, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and A Bug's Life are films I like. I'm looking for an ocean movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I prefer india movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life of Pi

1 I really liked The Piano, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Quiz Show, Short Cuts, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	To Die For
2 Who does that star?	Joaquin Phoenix, Nicole Kidman, Matt Dillon, Casey Affleck
3 I prefer Michael Caine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Quills

1 Six Days Seven Nights, Casablanca, The Wrong Trousers, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, A Close Shave, All About Eve, and The Avengers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	The Great Escape
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Prison, Steve McQueen, Escape, Richard Attenborough, John Sturges, prisoners of war, pow
3 I rate Jon Stewart movies. Any other suggestions?	Rosewater

1 Citizen Kane, Badlands, Bonnie and Clyde, Heavy, The Conversation, Raging Bull, and The Thin Blue Line are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Julie Christie movie.	Fahrenheit 451
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, François Truffaut, Ray Bradbury, Julie Christie
3 I prefer death of a child movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Don't Look Now

1 I love The Adventures of Robin Hood, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Singin' in the Rain, Ghostbusters, A Walk in the Clouds, Mulan, and Glory. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Under Siege
2 What else is that about?	Action, Tommy Lee Jones, Steven Seagal, Andrew Davis
3 I rate Josh Brolin movies. Any other suggestions?	Men in Black 3

1 The Great Escape, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Cool Hand Luke, Jaws, Forrest Gump, Apocalypse Now, and Glory are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Burt Young movie.	Rocky II
2 What else is that about?	franchise, Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Burt Young, Burgess Meredith, Talia Shire, fight, stallone, tony burton, Rocky
3 I prefer boxing movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rocky Balboa

1 L.A. Confidential, La Femme Nikita, Out of Sight, Bound, The Doors, Mother Night, and Goodfellas are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Swing Kids
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Robert Sean Leonard, Frank Whaley
3 I rate Uma Thurman movies. Any other suggestions?	Tape

1 I really like My Cousin Vinny, The Big Lebowski, The Godfather, L.A. Confidential, The Shining, Chinatown, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a disney animated feature movie.	Fantasia
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, disney animated feature, classical music, classical, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I prefer animated classic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Peter Pan

1 Schindler's List, Executive Decision, The Silence of the Lambs, Outbreak, Independence Day, In the Line of Fire, and Nell are films I really like. I'm looking for a Stargate movie.	Stargate
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich

1 I loved The Hunt for Red October, The Sixth Sense, Crimson Tide, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, Moulin Rouge!, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rudy
2 Who is that directed by?	David Anspaugh
3 I prefer David Zucker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	BASEketball

1 I liked The Big Chill, In the Line of Fire, 12 Angry Men, The Sting, The Matrix, Cape Fear, and Leaving Las Vegas. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I rate True Story movies. Any other suggestions?	The Aviator

1 I love The Grifters, Das Boot, Fargo, A Bronx Tale, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Last of the Mohicans, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Danny DeVito movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 What else is that about?	r, Police, Corruption, story, Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, police corruption, detective, 1950s, noir, Danny DeVito, Guy Pearce, Kim Basinger, Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer Holly Hunter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Living Out Loud

1 I really liked The Exorcist, Dazed and Confused, The Intouchables, The Virgin Suicides, Life Is Beautiful, Inglourious Basterds, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Reign Over Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Binder
3 I prefer Rituparno Ghosh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raincoat

1 Happiness and American Beauty are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I prefer skateboarding movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lords of Dogtown

1 I love The Adventures of Robin Hood, Predator, The Big Chill, The Contender, Silverado, The Goodbye Girl, and Legally Blonde. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Mortal Thoughts
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Rudolph
3 I prefer Michael Mann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Collateral

1 A Nightmare on Elm Street, Slums of Beverly Hills, The Lion King, Ring, The Serpent and the Rainbow, The Silence of the Lambs, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Saoirse Ronan movie.	City of Ember
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins, Harry Treadaway
3 I like George MacKay movies more. Do you know anything else?	How I Live Now

1 Escape from New York, Back to the Future, Ghost in the Shell, Total Recall, Traffic, Goodfellas, and Desperado are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Armour of God
2 Who is that directed by?	Jackie Chan
3 I prefer Renny Harlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cutthroat Island

1 The Hangover, Invincible, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Up, Iron Man, The Pursuit of Happyness, and The Boondock Saints are movies I liked. I'm looking for a History movie.	National Treasure
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, History, Nicolas Cage, treasure, Harvey Keitel, Diane Kruger, Christopher Plummer, Sean Bean, Jon Voight, Justin Bartha, masons
3 I rate hiv movies. Any other suggestions?	Fire in the Blood

1 The Wrong Trousers, Jerry Maguire, L.A. Confidential, American History X, Full Metal Jacket, Go, and Clueless are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The General
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Gleeson, John Boorman
3 I like Nicolas Cage movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lord of War

1 Men in Black II, A Fistful of Dollars, Saving Private Ryan, The Notebook, Fargo, Amélie, and Men in Black are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Winged Migration
2 Who does that star?	Jacques Perrin
3 I like Bill Briggs movies more. Do you know anything else?	Steep

1 I really like The Little Mermaid, Half Baked, Ghostbusters II, Billy Elliot, Almost Famous, The Fifth Element, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Hedwig and the Angry Inch
2 Who does that star?	John Cameron Mitchell, Stephen Trask
3 I prefer Mira Sorvino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Replacement Killers

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Wedding Singer, The Producers, Hoop Dreams, Blue Velvet, Fargo, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Diner
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson, baltimore
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man of the Year

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Lawrence of Arabia, The Maltese Falcon, The Bridge on the River Kwai, To Kill a Mockingbird, Citizen Kane, and My Fair Lady are films I like. I'm looking for a philip marlowe movie.	The Big Sleep
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, film noir, Humphrey Bogart, noir, Howard Hawks, William Faulkner, philip marlowe, bogart, Lauren Bacall
3 I like Elliott Gould movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Long Goodbye

1 I love The Waterboy, Ghostbusters, Hot Fuzz, The Crow, Proof, Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium, and A Beautiful Mind. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Bicentennial Man
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I rate Halle Berry movies. Any other suggestions?	Robots

1 Father of the Bride, Chasing Amy, Toy Story, Independence Day, There's No Business Like Show Business, A Fish Called Wanda, and Alice in Wonderland are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	The Coca-Cola Kid
2 What else is that about?	Australia
3 I prefer australian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breaker Morant

1 Titanic, The Right Stuff, Sling Blade, Saving Private Ryan, It's a Wonderful Life, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Buffalo '66
2 What else is that about?	Mickey Rourke, Christina Ricci, Anjelica Huston, Vincent Gallo, Rosanna Arquette
3 I like Julia Stiles movies more. Do you know anything else?	It's a Disaster

1 I watched the films Ghostbusters, Ed Wood, Downfall, Frankenstein, Oldboy, King Kong, and The Elephant Man and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Shadow of the Vampire
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, John Malkovich, Udo Kier
3 I prefer Steven Seagal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Against the Dark

1 The Terminator, Alien, Rebel Without a Cause, Seven Samurai, Metropolis, Drugstore Cowboy, and Bonnie and Clyde are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	The Haunting
2 Who is that directed by?	Jan de Bont
3 I rate John Boorman movies. Any other suggestions?	Excalibur

1 True Romance, Return to Paradise, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Titanic, There's Something About Mary, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Cusack movie.	Con Air
2 What else is that about?	Action, Prison, Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, John Malkovich, jerry bruckheimer, Simon West
3 I rate Charlie Kaufman movies. Any other suggestions?	Being John Malkovich

1 Lethal Weapon 2, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Schindler's List, The Little Mermaid, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Speed, and Brotherhood of the Wolf are films I liked. I'm looking for a Don Bluth movie.	An American Tail
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Bluth
3 I prefer Gary Goldman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Titan A.E.

1 A Close Shave, The Lion King, Mrs. Doubtfire, Stargate, A Goofy Movie, A Grand Day Out, and Babe are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Cameron Diaz movie.	The Mask
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Greene, Peter Riegert
3 I prefer Holly Hunter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Life Less Ordinary

1 Kelly's Heroes, Awakenings, Deathtrap, The Shining, Mildred Pierce, A Christmas Carol, and The Toxic Avenger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fritz Lang movie.	The Testament of Dr. Mabuse
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fritz Lang
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Testament of Dr. Mabuse

1 I really like Touch of Evil, Strangers on a Train, The Shining, The Endless Summer, Breaker Morant, Double Indemnity, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Two Women
2 Who does that star?	Niki Karimi

1 Fargo, The Big Lebowski, L.A. Confidential, Rushmore, The Player, Groundhog Day, and Demolition Man are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Slums of Beverly Hills
2 Who does that star?	Alan Arkin, Marisa Tomei, Natasha Lyonne
3 I like Mandy Patinkin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland

1 Dangerous Minds, Schindler's List, White Squall, Forrest Gump, While You Were Sleeping, The Shawshank Redemption, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Space Jam
2 What else is that about?	bugs bunny
3 I rate Gene Saks movies. Any other suggestions?	Barefoot in the Park

1 Knocked Up, Fight Club, Almost Famous, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Big Lebowski, Pulp Fiction, and City of God are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Empire Records
2 What else is that about?	Music, Liv Tyler, Allan Moyle
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World

1 Patriot Games, The Fugitive, Arachnophobia, Saving Private Ryan, Fearless, Forbidden Planet, and The Negotiator are movies I love. I'm looking for a disaster movie.	Deep Impact
2 Who is that directed by?	Mimi Leder
3 I prefer Tony Mitchell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flood

1 Cinderella Man, The Bourne Ultimatum, Into the Wild, Forrest Gump, The King's Speech, The Dark Knight Rises, and The Social Network are films I love. I'm looking for a civil war movie.	Blood Diamond
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, africa, civil war, Jennifer Connelly, south africa, Edward Zwick, rebels, Diamonds, sierra leone
3 I prefer american civil war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raintree County

1 My Fair Lady, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Some Like It Hot, The Sound of Music, Notorious, and Casablanca are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ordinary People
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Redford
3 I prefer Deborah Kampmeier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hounddog

1 I loved Jaws, The Green Mile, Little Shop of Horrors, Evita, Of Mice and Men, Almost Famous, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a James Ivory movie.	Howards End
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I rate housekeeper movies. Any other suggestions?	The Remains of the Day

1 The Lion King, Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Muriel's Wedding, and Beauty and the Beast are films I liked. I'm looking for an Alicia Silverstone movie.	Clueless
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like Hugh Wilson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blast from the Past

1 Christine, The Little Mermaid, Highlander, Deliverance, The Man with Two Brains, Superman II, and Dirty Dancing are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fletch Lives
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Ritchie
3 I like Steve Pink movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hot Tub Time Machine

1 Inception, Fahrenheit 9/11, Life of Pi, Memento, V for Vendetta, Shrek 2, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button are movies I like. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	Year One
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I rate Ivan Reitman movies. Any other suggestions?	Stripes

1 Michael, Ratatouille, Little Miss Sunshine, Monsters, Inc., Sixteen Candles, Groundhog Day, and The Dark Knight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Orgazmo
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Trey Parker, Matt Stone
3 I rate wedding movies. Any other suggestions?	Over Her Dead Body

1 The Wrong Trousers, Forrest Gump, Toy Story, Men in Black, The Lion King, Life Is Beautiful, and Notting Hill are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	The Full Monty
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Cattaneo
3 I rate Alexander Mackendrick movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ladykillers

1 Hoop Dreams, The Untouchables, Outbreak, Rush Hour, Glory, Aladdin, and Jaws are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 4
2 What else is that about?	Action, Mel Gibson, Jet Li, series, Chris Rock, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer murder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shooter

1 The Fox and the Hound, The Sound of Music, Pinocchio, Charade, Citizen Kane, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Dead Poets Society are films I liked. I'm looking for a mockumentary movie.	Bob Roberts
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins
3 I like Catherine O'Hara movies more. Do you know anything else?	For Your Consideration

1 Cyrano de Bergerac, Catch Me If You Can, The Illusionist, The Big Lebowski, Sneakers, Star Trek, and Modern Times are films I love. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Cashback
2 What else is that about?	Short
3 I like surreal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Un Chien Andalou

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Saving Private Ryan, Superman, Shrek, Beautiful Thing, The Princess Bride, and The Matrix are films I loved. I'm looking for a Kristy Swanson movie.	Flowers in the Attic
2 What else is that about?	Kristy Swanson

1 High Noon, Seven Samurai, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Billy Elliot, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Traffic are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Capra
3 I prefer Mick Jackson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	L.A. Story

1 My Big Fat Greek Wedding, American Pie, Casablanca, Seven Years in Tibet, Titanic, Ocean's Eleven, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Martin Campbell movie.	Casino Royale
2 What else is that about?	james bond, 007, Daniel Craig, bond, poker, Casino, bahamas, Martin Campbell
3 I prefer dc comics movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Green Lantern

1 RoboCop, La Grande Illusion, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Network, The Piano, and MASH are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Harvey Keitel
3 I prefer Jake McDorman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Craigslist Killer

1 I watched the films Rumble in the Bronx, Election, Office Space, Romancing the Stone, Happy Gilmore, Back to the Future Part III, and Grumpier Old Men and loved them. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Casino
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I rate Harold Ramis movies. Any other suggestions?	Analyze That

1 The Fugitive, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Apollo 13, The Shawshank Redemption, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for an Italian movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert De Niro
3 I rate Ovidio G. Assonitis movies. Any other suggestions?	Tentacles

1 I watched the films The Thing, Children of Men, Spirited Away, M, Paths of Glory, Goodfellas, and Seven Samurai and loved them. I'm looking for a War movie.	Inglourious Basterds
2 What else is that about?	War, Quentin Tarantino, r, Brad Pitt, story, French, death, france, ending, tarantino, Michael Fassbender, German, Christoph Waltz, alternate history, Diane Kruger, nazi germany, Eli Roth
3 I prefer world war ii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ivan's Childhood

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, The Piano, Schindler's List, Babe, Powder, and Apollo 13 are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Philadelphia
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I prefer Jon Gunn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Like Dandelion Dust

1 Rebecca, Titanic, The Sweet Hereafter, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Fargo, Some Like It Hot, and Psycho are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dinner at Eight
2 What else is that about?	George Cukor
3 I prefer Robert Florey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ex-Lady

1 The Great Escape, Rear Window, The Shawshank Redemption, 12 Angry Men, Cinema Paradiso, Vertigo, and Chariots of Fire are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	On the Waterfront
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Corruption, Marlon Brando, best picture, Elia Kazan, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb
3 I like Frank Perry movies more. Do you know anything else?	David and Lisa

1 I watched the films Heavy Metal, Apollo 13, The Shawshank Redemption, The Hudsucker Proxy, Crimson Tide, Rumble in the Bronx, and Toy Story and loved them. I'm looking for a Kevin Spacey movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey
3 I like financial crisis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Margin Call

1 Doctor Zhivago, Singin' in the Rain, Fargo, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Chinatown, The Insider, and Dead Man Walking are movies I love. I'm looking for a Penny Marshall movie.	Awakenings
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall

1 I really liked Schindler's List, The Maltese Falcon, Jaws, Forrest Gump, Tootsie, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone

1 I loved Falling Down, Groundhog Day, Virtuosity, Desperate Measures, A Fistful of Dollars, Scent of a Woman, and Mary Poppins. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Instinct
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, Donald Sutherland, Maura Tierney
3 I prefer Jodie Foster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 Requiem for a Dream, Swept Away, Wonder Boys, Citizen Kane, The Grapes of Wrath, Easy Rider, and The Man Who Wasn't There are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Little Shop of Horrors
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I prefer Irving Pichel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Something in the Wind

1 Fargo, Pinocchio, Smoke, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Dead Man Walking, and Little Women are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Johnny English

1 I really like Cool Hand Luke, Private Parts, The Right Stuff, The Terminator, American Beauty, Fletch, and National Lampoon's Vacation. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dangerous Beauty
2 What else is that about?	venice, courtesan, Oliver Platt
3 I prefer Hayao Miyazaki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Princess Mononoke

1 I liked Rain Man, Stargate, Blade, Return from Witch Mountain, Father of the Bride Part II, The Birds, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Prophecy
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Widen
3 I like Leonardo Favio movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nazareno Cruz and the Wolf

1 I love The Patriot, Ghost, Jurassic Park, The Bourne Identity, Swordfish, The Shawshank Redemption, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Jean Negulesco movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco
3 I prefer Marilyn Monroe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Marry a Millionaire

1 I watched the films Shutter Island, Fight Club, The Da Vinci Code, Ghostbusters, Ocean's Eleven, Saw, and Interstellar and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Star Trek Into Darkness
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, science fiction, Star Trek, Simon Pegg, Leonard Nimoy, Benedict Cumberbatch, Anton Yelchin, John Cho, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Alice Eve, Zoe Saldana
3 I prefer hacking movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swordfish

1 I loved Jerry Maguire, Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility, While You Were Sleeping, and Tin Cup. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Emma
2 Who does that star?	Gwyneth Paltrow, Alan Cumming
3 I like Jack Webb movies more. Do you know anything else?	The D.I.

1 Affliction, Out of Africa, Citizen Kane, La Femme Nikita, M, Barcelona, and Chinatown are movies I really like. I'm looking for a kurt vonnegut movie.	Mother Night
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, kurt vonnegut
3 I rate George Roy Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	Slaughterhouse-Five

1 Raising Arizona, The Departed, 12 Angry Men, Inglourious Basterds, Brazil, The Big Lebowski, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Kahuna
2 Who is that directed by?	John Swanbeck
3 I rate Barry Primus movies. Any other suggestions?	Mistress

1 A Room with a View, Auntie Mame, The Natural, When Harry Met Sally..., Say Anything..., Heathers, and Sense and Sensibility are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I prefer Brian De Palma movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raising Cain

1 Independence Day, Lethal Weapon 3, The Matrix, The Crow, Clerks, Legend, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Demolition Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes, Marco Brambilla
3 I prefer Uwe Boll movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alone in the Dark

1 The Birds, Full Metal Jacket, A Clockwork Orange, Breaking the Waves, Lifeboat, Chinatown, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flirting with Disaster
2 Who is that directed by?	David O. Russell
3 I rate Steven Brill movies. Any other suggestions?	Drillbit Taylor

1 I watched the films Match Point, The Lives of Others, Incendies, Mystic River, The White Ribbon, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Separation
2 Who is that directed by?	Asghar Farhadi
3 I prefer Mark Robson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Valley of the Dolls

1 Rain Man, L.A. Confidential, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Time Bandits, The Bourne Identity, Chain Reaction, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Time Machine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, time travel, H.G. Wells, George Pal
3 I like little red riding hood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Red Riding Hood

1 Forrest Gump, Fallen, Jerry Maguire, A Bug's Life, The Godfather, Scent of a Woman, and The Terminator are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Al Pacino movie.	The Recruit
2 Who is that directed by?	Roger Donaldson
3 I prefer William Friedkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cruising

1 Das Boot, The Great Escape, The Shawshank Redemption, Happiness, The Matrix, The Terminator, and American Beauty are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Ken Annakin movie.	The Longest Day
2 Who is that directed by?	Ken Annakin, Darryl F. Zanuck, Bernhard Wicki, Andrew Marton
3 I like Harold French movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trio

1 West Side Story, Vertigo, The Right Stuff, The Name of the Rose, Zodiac, Edward Scissorhands, and Cry Freedom are movies I really like. I'm looking for a stranded movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, emotional, spielberg, stranded, Drew Barrymore, e.t.
3 I like Liam Neeson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Grey

1 I watched the films The Devil Wears Prada, Dr. No, Entrapment, Amélie, Shakespeare in Love, Casino Royale, and Live and Let Die and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, franchise, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Cate Blanchett, indiana jones, Shia LaBeouf, John Hurt, e.t.
3 I rate Dwayne Johnson movies. Any other suggestions?	Hercules

1 Something the Lord Made, Kung Fu Panda, Mr. Bean's Holiday, Forrest Gump, Peaceful Warrior, Into the Wild, and Freedom Writers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Man on Wire
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, James Marsh, twin towers, World Trade Center
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Decline of Western Civilization

1 The Lion King, Outrageous Fortune, The Mask of Zorro, Don Juan DeMarco, Sense and Sensibility, Big, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Kattan movie.	Corky Romano
2 What else is that about?	Chris Kattan
3 I like Molly Shannon movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Night at the Roxbury

1 Schindler's List, Batman Begins, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, 12 Angry Men, Oldboy, City of God, and Pan's Labyrinth are films I really liked. I'm looking for a technology movie.	Avatar
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, War, science fiction, Epic, science, 3d, technology, Sigourney Weaver, James Cameron, effects, visual, mining, Michelle Rodriguez, Sam Worthington, art direction, imax, natives, Giovanni Ribisi, eco, Zoe Saldana
3 I rate ideas movies. Any other suggestions?	Prometheus

1 Forrest Gump, Man of the House, While You Were Sleeping, Sleepless in Seattle, Sense and Sensibility, and Harriet the Spy are films I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Baby-Sitters Club
2 Who is that directed by?	Melanie Mayron
3 I like Justin Hardy movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Feast at Midnight

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Little Mermaid, The Matrix, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and Chocolat are movies I love. I'm looking for a dollars trilogy movie.	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, story, Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, photography, civil war, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Italian, american civil war, gunfight, Gold, hanging, Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer italy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Fistful of Dollars

1 The Princess Bride, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Little Miss Sunshine, Up in Smoke, Trainspotting, Hot Fuzz, and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Cars
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, Cars, Owen Wilson, Paul Newman, pixar animation, G, John Lasseter, Bonnie Hunt, Tony Shalhoub
3 I like Sarah Silverman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wreck-It Ralph

1 Raging Bull, It's a Wonderful Life, Annie Hall, Young Frankenstein, Cool Hand Luke, Taxi Driver, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for a cheese movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket

1 Natural Born Killers, Batman Forever, The Lion King, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Jurassic Park, and Batman are films I like. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Sergio Leone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Time in the West

1 I love Children of Paradise, Local Hero, Eve's Bayou, Henry V, Cinema Paradiso, Cyrano de Bergerac, and City Lights. I'm looking for a Simone Signoret movie.	Room at the Top
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Clayton
3 I rate Stanley Kramer movies. Any other suggestions?	Ship of Fools

1 I really liked The Usual Suspects, Once Were Warriors, Schindler's List, Speed, Taxi Driver, Clueless, and Searching for Bobby Fischer. I'm looking for a funeral movie.	Four Weddings and a Funeral
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Grant
3 I rate Peter Dinklage movies. Any other suggestions?	Death at a Funeral

1 I love Dog Day Afternoon, Dead Man, Spanking the Monkey, Walkabout, Eureka, Babe, and Network. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Yards
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Mark Wahlberg, Joaquin Phoenix
3 I prefer Sidney Lumet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead

1 Good Will Hunting, Gattaca, Fight Club, Shrek, Full Metal Jacket, American History X, and Big Fish are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Stigmata
2 Who is that directed by?	Rupert Wainwright
3 I rate Eli Roth movies. Any other suggestions?	Cabin Fever

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, Das Boot, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Cell, Dark City, Spaceballs, and Goodfellas and loved them. I'm looking for a John Glen movie.	Licence to Kill
2 What else is that about?	murder, james bond, bond, Timothy Dalton, John Glen
3 I prefer Christopher Walken movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A View to a Kill

1 Smoke Signals, Rushmore, The Player, The Matrix, Lone Star, Minority Report, and Big Night are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Three Days of the Condor
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, 1970s, cia, Robert Redford, Sydney Pollack, Faye Dunaway
3 I rate Tony Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Enemy of the State

1 I loved For a Few Dollars More, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, Requiem for a Dream, Young Frankenstein, Pi, and Heathers. I'm looking for a High School movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I like Ezra Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Perks of Being a Wallflower

1 The Manchurian Candidate, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, Citizen Kane, It Happened One Night, Songs from the Second Floor, Witness for the Prosecution, and Rear Window are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Earrings of Madame de...
2 Who is that directed by?	Max Ophüls
3 I like Petri Kotwica movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Ice

1 The Secret Garden, The Silence of the Lambs, Beauty and the Beast, Clerks, Muriel's Wedding, Reality Bites, and The Lion King are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sigourney Weaver movie.	Copycat
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Sigourney Weaver
3 I like hugo award movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alien

1 I liked A Man for All Seasons, Airport '77, Fame, Die Hard, An Officer and a Gentleman, Moonstruck, and The Apartment. I'm looking for an Edward Dmytryk movie.	The Young Lions
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Dmytryk

1 American History X, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, A Clockwork Orange, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Apocalypse Now, Sling Blade, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Isabella Rossellini movie.	Blue Velvet
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Mystery, David Lynch, sexual, Dennis Hopper, lynch, Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I prefer Peter Weir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fearless

1 I watched the films Money Train, Bad Boys, Apollo 13, The American President, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, and The Crow and loved them. I'm looking for a Ben Kingsley movie.	Species
2 What else is that about?	Alien, Ben Kingsley, Roger Donaldson
3 I prefer Jonathan Glazer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sexy Beast

1 Get Shorty, Pretty Woman, The Lion King, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Fugitive, Assassins, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Demolition Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes, Marco Brambilla
3 I prefer hong kong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Police Story

1 I really like E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Y Tu Mamá También, Witness for the Prosecution, The Graduate, Rear Window, The Sound of Music, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley
3 I rate Kevin Costner movies. Any other suggestions?	Dances with Wolves

1 I really liked The Net, Braveheart, The Remains of the Day, Nell, The Lion King, The Silence of the Lambs, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Sandra Bullock, Romantic Comedy, Bill Pullman, Jon Turteltaub
3 I like Henry Koster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation

1 I like In the Bedroom, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Legends of the Fall, Rushmore, Pulp Fiction, Groundhog Day, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Hunter S. Thompson movie.	Where the Buffalo Roam
2 Who does that star?	Bill Murray, Peter Boyle
3 I rate Benicio Del Toro movies. Any other suggestions?	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas

1 American Beauty, Alien, Shallow Grave, Toy Story 2, Blade Runner, The Wizard of Oz, and Being John Malkovich are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rules of Engagement
2 Who does that star?	Samuel L. Jackson, Tommy Lee Jones
3 I rate Julianne Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	The Forgotten

1 The Mask, The Silence of the Lambs, The Rock, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really like. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I like Harvey Keitel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a view askew movie.	Clerks
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, Kevin Smith, theater, view askew, jay and silent bob, 4
3 I prefer Chris Rock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dogma

1 I liked James and the Giant Peach, The Lives of Others, Fight Club, Hoop Dreams, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Wes Anderson movie.	Rushmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, Bill Murray, Love, Wes Anderson, teacher, Jason Schwartzman, 2, Olivia Williams
3 I rate Owen Wilson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Darjeeling Limited

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Cinema Paradiso, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Say Anything..., Places in the Heart, Raising Arizona, and The Fisher King are films I liked. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Henry V
2 What else is that about?	War, british, directorial debut, shakespeare, Emma Thompson, Kenneth Branagh
3 I rate Alexander Payne movies. Any other suggestions?	Citizen Ruth

1 The Usual Suspects, Sleepy Hollow, Despicable Me, Fight Club, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Hannibal, and From Hell are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Woman in Black
2 Who is that directed by?	Herbert Wise
3 I like Tibor Takács movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Gate

1 Animal House, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, Saving Private Ryan, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Freeway
2 What else is that about?	Reese Witherspoon, Kiefer Sutherland
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Road to Perdition

1 Napoleon Dynamite, Ratatouille, When Harry Met Sally..., The NeverEnding Story, Finding Nemo, Waitress, and Driving Miss Daisy are films I liked. I'm looking for a John Hughes movie.	Uncle Buck
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hughes
3 I rate Stan Dragoti movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Mom

1 Garden State, The Dark Knight, The Incredibles, Finding Nemo, The Godfather, The Matrix, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Up
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Love, to see, animated, south america, michael giacchino, Pete Docter
3 I rate stop motion movies. Any other suggestions?	The Boxtrolls

1 The Haunting, Cape Fear, The Bone Collector, The Sixth Sense, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Evil Dead II, and Heavy Metal are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Christine
2 Who does that star?	Keith Gordon, John Stockwell, Alexandra Paul
3 I prefer Paul A. Partain movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre

1 Amélie, The Princess Bride, A Grand Day Out, Raise the Red Lantern, The Departed, The Godfather, and X-Men are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a father movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni

1 The Remains of the Day, Dial M for Murder, Wag the Dog, Gone with the Wind, Sabrina, Princess Mononoke, and Mansfield Park are movies I really like. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Hilary and Jackie
2 What else is that about?	1
3 I prefer schwarzenegger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Lies

1 Back to the Future, Bachelor Party, Beverly Hills Cop, Black Beauty, The African Queen, Bonnie and Clyde, and The Bone Collector are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I rate Mark Waters movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spiderwick Chronicles

1 I really like Blade Runner, Schindler's List, Full Metal Jacket, It's a Wonderful Life, Alien, American Beauty, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for a Nora Ephron movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Nora Ephron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleepless in Seattle

1 The Emperor's Club, Heat, Outside Providence, Lost in Translation, Jerry Maguire, A Civil Action, and House of Flying Daggers are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Break-Up
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Aniston, Vince Vaughn
3 I rate Chris Pratt movies. Any other suggestions?	Delivery Man

1 The Goonies, Silver Linings Playbook, Elf, Star Trek, A Separation, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Watchmen are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Lincoln
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Biography, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, Sally Field
3 I rate Jack Gold movies. Any other suggestions?	The Naked Civil Servant

1 To Live and Die in L.A., The Blues Brothers, Alien, Planet of the Apes, Lost in Translation, Time Bandits, and The Land Before Time are movies I liked. I'm looking for a dog movie.	A Boy and His Dog
2 What else is that about?	dog
3 I rate Walt Disney movies. Any other suggestions?	Bolt

1 Fargo, The Pianist, The English Patient, Schindler's List, Memento, Pulp Fiction, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Tucci, Campbell Scott
3 I like Thom Fitzgerald movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloudburst

1 Rear Window, The Godfather, Full Metal Jacket, The Fugitive, Lone Star, Requiem for a Dream, and Alien are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Billy Elliot
2 Who does that star?	Jamie Bell, Gary Lewis, Jamie Draven
3 I prefer Philippe Torreton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Guilty

1 I loved Out of Sight, Das Boot, The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, The Matrix, Fight Club, and The Thing. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Fly
2 What else is that about?	remade
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Stepford Wives

1 Amélie, Forrest Gump, Microcosmos, Das Boot, As Good as It Gets, Pan's Labyrinth, and The Diving Bell and the Butterfly are films I really liked. I'm looking for a William Dieterle movie.	Dark City
2 What else is that about?	William Dieterle
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dr. Ehrlich's Magic Bullet

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Terms of Endearment, Rain Man, Five Easy Pieces, Vertigo, Fargo, and Chariots of Fire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hans Petter Moland movie.	Aberdeen
2 What else is that about?	Hans Petter Moland
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	The Beautiful Country

1 I really like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Godfather, Batman, The Breakfast Club, Hairspray, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Soylent Green
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, science fiction, food, Charlton Heston, Richard Fleischer, overpopulation, Edward G. Robinson
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forbidden Planet

1 I really liked Liar Liar, Much Ado About Nothing, The Rock, The Ref, Cinderella, First Knight, and The Sound of Music. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate James Dean movies. Any other suggestions?	Giant

1 Fargo, Apocalypse Now, and L.A. Confidential are movies I liked. I'm looking for a spy thriller movie.	Ronin
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Robert De Niro, car chase, Jean Reno, chase, David Mamet, spy thriller, John Frankenheimer
3 I like Don Cheadle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Traitor

1 I like Nineteen Eighty-Four, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Untouchables, Goldfinger, Die Hard, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, and Lethal Weapon. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin

1 Downfall, The 13th Warrior, Blade Runner, Pulp Fiction, Let the Right One In, Nineteen Eighty-Four, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I like. I'm looking for a Michael Anderson movie.	1984
2 Who does that star?	Edmond O'Brien, Michael Redgrave, Jan Sterling
3 I prefer Roscoe Lee Browne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Logan's Run

1 I liked Cars, Blade Runner, The Elephant Man, Crash, A Fish Called Wanda, Reservoir Dogs, and Spartacus. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Dogtown and Z-Boys
2 What else is that about?	History, Documentary, skateboarding, Stacy Peralta
3 I like Rod Lurie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Resurrecting the Champ

1 Serpico, In Cold Blood, Dazed and Confused, La Dolce Vita, Bonnie and Clyde, Annie Hall, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a light movie.	Day for Night
2 Who is that directed by?	François Truffaut
3 I rate Alexander Payne movies. Any other suggestions?	The Descendants

1 I like Forrest Gump, Shallow Grave, Legends of the Fall, Apollo 13, Toy Story, The Birdcage, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I rate Jack Nicholson movies. Any other suggestions?	Goin' South

1 Persuasion, Much Ado About Nothing, Emma, Sense and Sensibility, Sabrina, Cast Away, and Little Women are films I loved. I'm looking for a dickens movie.	Nicholas Nickleby
2 What else is that about?	Charles Dickens, dickens, Douglas McGrath
3 I like 3 movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Tale of Two Cities

1 Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Get Shorty are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	True Lies
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Jamie Lee Curtis, 1, schwarzenegger
3 I like Ken Loach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sweet Sixteen

1 Up, Fight Club, City of God, Hotel Rwanda, and Casablanca are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Uys
3 I like Aki Kaurismäki movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man Without a Past

1 Office Space, Seven Samurai, Battle Royale, Being John Malkovich, The Prophecy, Ghost World, and Donnie Darko are films I really liked. I'm looking for a noir movie.	The Man Who Wasn't There
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, noir, Billy Bob Thornton, Frances McDormand, James Gandolfini
3 I prefer philip marlowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Sleep

1 To Catch a Thief, Goodfellas, A Christmas Story, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Arsenic and Old Lace, Rear Window, and The Right Stuff are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Angel Heart
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Mickey Rourke, Alan Parker
3 I prefer Rob Zombie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	House of 1000 Corpses

1 Animal House, Ben-Hur, The Rock, Glory, When Harry Met Sally..., Fletch, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	The Negotiator
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Samuel L. Jackson, Kevin Spacey, 1, F. Gary Gray
3 I like erotic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Caligula

1 The Last Emperor, Frankenstein, The Miracle Worker, A Fistful of Dollars, A Place in the Sun, Traffic, and Key Largo are films I like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Papillon
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Steve McQueen
3 I rate Kate Beckinsale movies. Any other suggestions?	The Aviator

1 King Kong, Re-Animator, Frankenstein, Being John Malkovich, There's Something About Mary, Blade Runner, and Jaws are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Son of Frankenstein
2 Who does that star?	Boris Karloff, Basil Rathbone, Bela Lugosi
3 I like Lysette Anthony movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trilogy of Terror II

1 Pretty in Pink, Primal Fear, Blade Runner, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Clerks, Being John Malkovich, and Shrek are films I love. I'm looking for a Nicholas Ray movie.	Party Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicholas Ray

1 The Full Monty, Chasing Amy, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Scent of a Woman, Pulp Fiction, Being John Malkovich, and Grosse Pointe Blank are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I like Paul Walker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet the Deedles

1 I liked Fight Club, Amélie, Slumdog Millionaire, Man on the Moon, Sin City, Lifeboat, and Gattaca. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	No
2 What else is that about?	advertising
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bad and the Beautiful

1 I like Trading Places, Casper, 10 Things I Hate About You, The Seven Year Itch, X-Men, Dogma, and Ghost. I'm looking for a nazi movie.	Casablanca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, War, nazis, Love, africa, hollywood, Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Michael Curtiz, best picture, stage, nazi, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, bogart, Play, Paul Henreid
3 I prefer Ian McKellen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apt Pupil

1 American Beauty, East of Eden, Swingers, Lethal Weapon, Raising Arizona, Barfly, and Frankenstein are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rebecca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, Gothic, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, 3, Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine
3 I prefer Spanish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Secret in Their Eyes

1 Dead Man Walking, All About My Mother, Hoop Dreams, My Left Foot, Out of Sight, The Killing Fields, and Goodfellas are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Dear Jesse
2 What else is that about?	gay
3 I prefer Bruce Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Am Bruce Lee

1 I love A Clockwork Orange, The Seventh Seal, Airplane!, The Lost Weekend, Weird Science, There's Something About Mary, and Crimes and Misdemeanors. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dog Day Afternoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I rate Bertrand Bonello movies. Any other suggestions?	Saint Laurent

1 I watched the films Princess Mononoke, Capote, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, North by Northwest, The Sting, and The Silence of the Lambs and loved them. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Raging Bull
2 What else is that about?	sports, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, boxing, photography, Jealousy, Joe Pesci, scorsese, Cathy Moriarty, de niro
3 I like Peter Berg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Friday Night Lights

1 Scarface, Taxi Driver, Eraserhead, The Deer Hunter, Strangers on a Train, Pulp Fiction, and The Blair Witch Project are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Dreamers
2 Who is that directed by?	Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I rate Chadd Harbold movies. Any other suggestions?	Revenge for Jolly!

1 Outbreak, Spider-Man 2, The Princess Bride, Crimson Tide, The Terminator, The Matrix, and Almost Famous are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Assassins
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate Mark Hanlon movies. Any other suggestions?	Buddy Boy

1 Breaking the Waves, The Deer Hunter, Das Boot, Patton, Casablanca, Schindler's List, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Peter Fonda movie.	Ulee's Gold
2 What else is that about?	r, Peter Fonda
3 I like counterculture movies more. Do you know anything else?	Easy Rider

1 Garden State, The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Painted Veil, The Rainmaker, A Beautiful Mind, Cinderella Man, and Lost in Translation are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Ron Howard movie.	Ransom
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard

1 Taxi Driver, Dangerous Minds, Natural Born Killers, Legends of the Fall, Grumpier Old Men, Quiz Show, and The Man Without a Face are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Being Human
2 Who is that directed by?	Bill Forsyth
3 I prefer David Hare movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Page Eight

1 Seven Samurai, Shakespeare in Love, On the Waterfront, Elizabeth, All About Eve, A Streetcar Named Desire, and North by Northwest are movies I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	From Here to Eternity
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fred Zinnemann, Frank Sinatra, Burt Lancaster
3 I prefer Nicholas Ray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knock on Any Door

1 I really like The Patriot, Gladiator, My Fair Lady, A Few Good Men, The Hurricane, The Bridges of Madison County, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who is that directed by?	George B. Seitz
3 I prefer Nils Gaup movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pathfinder

1 Reservoir Dogs, Amélie, Fight Club, The Matrix, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Pianist
2 Who does that star?	Adrien Brody
3 I prefer Martin Sheen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apocalypse Now

1 Full Metal Jacket, Scream, Natural Born Killers, There's Something About Mary, Das Boot, Apollo 13, and Apocalypse Now are movies I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Nosferatu
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Incredible Mr. Limpet

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Matrix, Men in Black, Cube, Sphere, The Abyss, and Forbidden Planet are movies I really like. I'm looking for a cyberpunk movie.	Freejack
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, Rene Russo, Emilio Estevez, Mick Jagger
3 I like Mami Koyama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Akira

1 Swimming with Sharks, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Sense and Sensibility, Babe, Rob Roy, Schindler's List, and Toy Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I like sin movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Scanner Darkly

1 The English Patient, My Left Foot, Fanny and Alexander, Jaws, Pretty Woman, The Remains of the Day, and Singin' in the Rain are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cider House Rules
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Michael Caine, Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer cerebral movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Left Foot

1 I like It Happened One Night, Mars Attacks!, Dazed and Confused, Creepshow, American History X, The Mexican, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Orgazmo
2 Who is that directed by?	Trey Parker
3 I like Michel Gondry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Human Nature

1 American History X, The Blues Brothers, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Spirited Away, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Incredibles, and Apocalypse Now are films I love. I'm looking for a length movie.	The Godfather
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, r, Family, story, mafia, Al Pacino, national film registry, New York, Italian, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, best picture, James Caan, sicily, length, coppola
3 I prefer ugh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Watchmen

1 Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Dangerous Liaisons, Annie Hall, A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries, Das Boot, Local Hero, and The Joy Luck Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Stockard Channing movie.	Six Degrees of Separation
2 What else is that about?	Stockard Channing
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Bus

1 The Princess Diaries, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Clueless, 10 Things I Hate About You, The Outsiders, Meet Joe Black, and Peter Pan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rebecca
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I like Vipul Amrutlal Shah movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aankhen

1 Duck Soup, Apollo 13, The Wrong Trousers, Addams Family Values, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Sabrina, and Stalag 17 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hot Shots! Part Deux
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, sequel, Charlie Sheen, Jim Abrahams
3 I like Harold Lloyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Safety Last!

1 Desperado, The Shawshank Redemption, While You Were Sleeping, Pulp Fiction, Stargate, The American President, and Tombstone are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Prophecy
2 What else is that about?	r, Christopher Walken, Viggo Mortensen, Angel
3 I prefer comic books movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Superman

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, The Usual Suspects, American Beauty, and Dead Man Walking are films I like. I'm looking for a tobacco movie.	The Insider
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I like Jason Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thank You for Smoking

1 I like Moon and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for an own movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, John Goodman, John Turturro, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I like Vivien Leigh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gone with the Wind

1 I love Bringing Out the Dead, Back to the Future, Space Cowboys, The Wizard of Oz, Apocalypse Now, Jaws, and What About Bob?. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Menace II Society
2 What else is that about?	los angeles
3 I like artificial intelligence movies more. Do you know anything else?	Her

1 The Client, Stand by Me, That Thing You Do!, Tommy Boy, Forrest Gump, Murder in the First, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Claire Danes, Peter Gallagher
3 I like Shirley Venard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Unforgiven, Happiness, Ben-Hur, The Thin Man, and Sling Blade and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jean de Florette
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Berri
3 I prefer Shirin Neshat movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Women Without Men

1 Aladdin, Jurassic Park, and Stargate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I rate Nora Ephron movies. Any other suggestions?	Sleepless in Seattle

1 The Full Monty, There's Something About Mary, American History X, Goodfellas, Trainspotting, The English Patient, and Saving Private Ryan are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mark Wahlberg movie.	Boogie Nights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, 1970s, Mark Wahlberg, Paul Thomas Anderson, 70s
3 I prefer sports movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fighter

1 The Untouchables, Good Will Hunting, Cool Hand Luke, Big, Office Space, The Mummy, and Monsters, Inc. are films I really like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Witness
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I like Stacy Title movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Supper

1 I watched the films Inception, 10 Things I Hate About You, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Birdcage, The Mighty Ducks, Field of Dreams, and The Day After Tomorrow and loved them. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Sandlot
2 What else is that about?	own, baseball
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	O Brother, Where Art Thou?

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Children of Men, Pearl Harbor, War of the Worlds, Amistad, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and I Am Sam are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Butterfly Effect
2 Who does that star?	Ashton Kutcher, Amy Smart, Elden Henson
3 I like Lena Headey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zipper

1 The Graduate, The Matrix, Back to the Future, American Beauty, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Last of the Mohicans, and Blade Runner are films I like. I'm looking for a stage movie.	A Man for All Seasons
2 Who does that star?	Paul Scofield
3 I prefer Richard Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?

1 I like Romeo + Juliet, Hamlet, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Fugitive, Shrek, Moulin Rouge!, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	The Untouchables
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I like Richard Lester movies more. Do you know anything else?	Robin and Marian

1 Richard III, Some Like It Hot, Lawrence of Arabia, Down by Law, Vertigo, Fargo, and Rain Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Stanley Tucci, Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Tony Shalhoub, Campbell Scott
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Guncrazy

1 Erin Brockovich, The Dark Knight, You've Got Mail, Bridget Jones's Diary, Sweet Home Alabama, Love Actually, and Top Gun are movies I like. I'm looking for a gorilla movie.	Buddy
2 Who is that directed by?	Caroline Thompson
3 I prefer Michael Apted movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gorillas in the Mist

1 Clueless, Stepmom, Grease, Airplane!, Back to the Future, When Harry Met Sally..., and Swingers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pecker
2 What else is that about?	John Waters, Edward Furlong
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Unholy Three

1 Jaws, The Princess Bride, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Wrong Trousers, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, and Saving Private Ryan are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I like Busby Berkeley movies more. Do you know anything else?	They Made Me a Criminal

1 Roman Holiday, Mansfield Park, Highlander, The Bourne Identity, Emma, Some Like It Hot, and Conspiracy Theory are films I really like. I'm looking for an Emily Mortimer movie.	Dear Frankie
2 Who is that directed by?	Shona Auerbach
3 I prefer Daniel Barber movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Brown

1 I liked Big Night, The Firm, Cool Hand Luke, The Birds, The Joy Luck Club, Antz, and The Grapes of Wrath. I'm looking for a courtroom drama movie.	The Verdict
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I like Rob Reiner movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Few Good Men

1 Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, Persuasion, Toy Story, A Walk in the Clouds, Once Were Warriors, and Heavenly Creatures are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Priest
2 What else is that about?	Priest
3 I like Valeria Golino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rain Man

1 I like Mr. Holland's Opus, City of Angels, Dead Poets Society, Shrek, A Beautiful Mind, Beetlejuice, and Anna and the King. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Serendipity
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Kate Beckinsale
3 I prefer Blythe Danner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hearts of the West

1 I liked Six Degrees of Separation, From Here to Eternity, Back to the Future, Roman Holiday, Bob Roberts, Chinatown, and Amistad. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Looking for Richard
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, shakespeare
3 I prefer Sarah Polley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stories We Tell

1 I loved Braveheart, Inglourious Basterds, The Wolf of Wall Street, The Inglorious Bastards, Watchmen, Life Is Beautiful, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	Django Unchained
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino
3 I rate Roger Michell movies. Any other suggestions?	Changing Lanes

1 Donnie Brasco, Stigmata, The Godfather, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Goodfellas, and Heat are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Friday
2 Who does that star?	Ice Cube, Chris Tucker, Nia Long
3 I like Dax Shepard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Mama

1 The World of Apu, The Killing Fields, Wild Reeds, Leaving Las Vegas, Election, Down by Law, and A Room with a View are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Joss Whedon, Fran Kranz, Amy Acker
3 I rate Sam Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	Exit Smiling

1 I really liked Lost in Translation, Sixteen Candles, High Fidelity, Donnie Darko, L.A. Story, American Beauty, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Emma
2 Who does that star?	Gwyneth Paltrow, Alan Cumming
3 I rate Vinícius de Oliveira movies. Any other suggestions?	Central Station

1 The English Patient, Election, Lone Star, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Wag the Dog, and The Maltese Falcon are films I liked. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Diner
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson

1 The Blair Witch Project, Apocalypse Now, Annie Hall, Touch of Evil, Cold Comfort Farm, All the Real Girls, and Raising Victor Vargas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Belle de Jour
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Deneuve, Michel Piccoli, Jean Sorel
3 I like Patricia Charbonneau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desert Hearts

1 Copycat, Speed, Stargate, Schindler's List, Twister, Jumanji, and Jurassic Park are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beverly Hills Cop III
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Eddie Murphy, John Landis
3 I rate monty python movies. Any other suggestions?	Holy Flying Circus

1 The Rainmaker, October Sky, The Red Violin, The Matrix, A Time to Kill, Quiz Show, and Stand by Me are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Say Anything...
2 What else is that about?	Romance, High School, directorial debut, romantic, John Cusack, Cameron Crowe, graduation, Ione Skye
3 I like 1960s movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rose

1 The Natural, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Emma, We Were Soldiers, Shakespeare in Love, Cinderella, and Aladdin are films I like. I'm looking for a horses movie.	The Black Stallion
2 What else is that about?	horses, shipwreck, G, Mickey Rooney, Carroll Ballard
3 I like Viggo Mortensen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hidalgo

1 Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Equilibrium, Star Trek, The Matrix, Howl's Moving Castle, I, Robot, and Amélie are films I really like. I'm looking for a professor movie.	A Single Man
2 What else is that about?	gay, Colin Firth, professor, Tom Ford
3 I like Michael Douglas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wonder Boys

1 I like The Godfather, To Kill a Mockingbird, City Lights, Schindler's List, Rear Window, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Modern Times
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, charlie chaplin, great depression, Chaplin, Paulette Goddard
3 I prefer Jack Black movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Year One

1 Sense and Sensibility, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Short Cuts, The Remains of the Day, Don Juan DeMarco, Dead Man Walking, and The Usual Suspects are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Firm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, John Grisham, David Strathairn
3 I like detective movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sea of Love

1 The Departed, American History X, The Machinist, Oldboy, and The Matrix are movies I like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Wrestler
2 Who does that star?	Marisa Tomei, Mickey Rourke, Evan Rachel Wood
3 I like Scott Elrod movies more. Do you know anything else?	Home Run

1 Evita, Under the Tuscan Sun, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Double Jeopardy, Notting Hill, The Rookie, and The Emperor's New Groove are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Girl 2
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Anna Chlumsky, Austin O'Brien
3 I prefer Bonnie Hunt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beethoven

1 The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Muppet Movie, Croupier, City Lights, Titus, Moonstruck, and The African Queen are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Udo Kier movie.	Blood for Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Dracula, Udo Kier, Paul Morrissey
3 I prefer Willem Dafoe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shadow of the Vampire

1 I love Miracle on 34th Street, The Holiday, Napoleon Dynamite, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Role Models, Just Married, and The Fox and the Hound. I'm looking for a Mila Kunis movie.	Oz the Great and Powerful
2 Who does that star?	James Franco, Mila Kunis, Rachel Weisz, Michelle Williams
3 I prefer Ben Affleck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Extract

1 Sideways, Blade Runner, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Prometheus, Vertigo, Spider-Man 2, and Requiem for a Dream are movies I loved. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	Looper
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt
3 I like Jet Li movies more. Do you know anything else?	War

1 The Breakfast Club, Pretty Woman, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Princess Bride, Braveheart, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	The Fifth Element
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, Milla Jovovich, Luc Besson, ok, milla
3 I rate David Morse movies. Any other suggestions?	16 Blocks

1 Mad Max, The Silence of the Lambs, Sneakers, Signs, Back to the Future Part III, The Matrix, and Blade Runner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller, George Ogilvie
3 I rate Greg Marcks movies. Any other suggestions?	Echelon Conspiracy

1 I loved French Kiss, Beauty and the Beast, Clear and Present Danger, Apollo 13, Braveheart, Carlito's Way, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Quentin Tarantino movie.	True Romance
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Quentin Tarantino, Brad Pitt, Gary Oldman, Christopher Walken, Val Kilmer, cast, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette, Tony Scott
3 I rate Epic movies. Any other suggestions?	Django Unchained

1 I really liked Rosemary's Baby, The Philadelphia Story, Trick, Broadcast News, The 39 Steps, The Grifters, and Total Recall. I'm looking for a Bird movie.	Birdy
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker

1 Spirited Away, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, My Neighbor Totoro, and Seven Samurai are films I liked. I'm looking for a favela movie.	City of God
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, Crime, r, Epic, Brazil, foreign, rio de janeiro, favelas, Fernando Meirelles, Alice Braga, favela

1 I really like Enemy of the State, Braveheart, Toy Story, Cocoon, Cast Away, Caddyshack, and Cujo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cocktail
2 What else is that about?	Tom Cruise
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nil by Mouth

1 Shattered Glass, A Christmas Story, The Matrix, Lawrence of Arabia, Them!, L.A. Story, and Ronin are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sarah Jessica Parker movie.	State and Main
2 What else is that about?	r, Philip Seymour Hoffman, David Mamet, Sarah Jessica Parker, Julia Stiles, Alec Baldwin, William H. Macy
3 I prefer Pierce Brosnan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Don't Know How She Does It

1 The Usual Suspects, Leaving Las Vegas, Apollo 13, Smoke, Exotica, True Romance, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shallow Grave
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, criterion, dark, Crime, directorial debut, Ewan McGregor, Danny Boyle
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Unholy Three

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Waterworld, Fight Club, The Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, The Last of the Mohicans, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I like. I'm looking for a William Gibson movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Ice-T
3 I rate Ice-T movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny Mnemonic

1 Dark City, A Clockwork Orange, The Shawshank Redemption, Annie Hall, Reservoir Dogs, The Shining, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Mind Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Masaaki Yuasa
3 I rate Conrad Vernon movies. Any other suggestions?	Shrek 2

1 The Seventh Seal, Magnolia, The Godfather, Oldboy, Fargo, Chinatown, and Mulholland Drive are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Persona
2 What else is that about?	Ingmar Bergman, Swedish, Liv Ullmann, nurse, patient, Bibi Andersson
3 I prefer prostitution movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pretty Baby

1 I liked Aliens, All About Eve, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Harold and Maude, Sense and Sensibility, My Left Foot, and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dial M for Murder
2 Who does that star?	Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings
3 I rate Hart Bochner movies. Any other suggestions?	Apartment Zero

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, An Affair to Remember, The Lion King, Goldfinger, and The Butterfly Effect are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Fisher King
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I prefer David Frankel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Wears Prada

1 The Flower of My Secret, The Trigger Effect, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Female Perversions, The Godfather, Unhook the Stars, and Breaking the Waves are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a philosophical movie.	The Addiction
2 What else is that about?	philosophical, Christopher Walken, Lili Taylor
3 I prefer japan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghost in the Shell

1 Up, Inception, The Sound of Music, Highlander, The Seventh Seal, Blade Runner, and Apollo 13 are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Lasseter movie.	Cars
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, Cars, Owen Wilson, Paul Newman, pixar animation, G, John Lasseter, Bonnie Hunt, Tony Shalhoub
3 I like sequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cars 2

1 The Graduate, Mad Max, Metropolis, Blade Runner, Do the Right Thing, Taxi Driver, and Raising Arizona are films I love. I'm looking for a vietnam movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I rate Alan Parker movies. Any other suggestions?	Birdy

1 What About Bob?, Toy Story 2, Forrest Gump, Steel Magnolias, Roman Holiday, The Nutty Professor, and Holiday Inn are films I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Grease
2 What else is that about?	High School, Musical, John Travolta, 1950s, Randal Kleiser
3 I prefer Paris, France movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moulin Rouge!

1 I watched the films The Fugitive, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Tender Mercies
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Robert Duvall, Bruce Beresford
3 I rate Richard Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	The Professionals

1 The Princess Bride and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I liked. I'm looking for a hepburn and tracy movie.	Pat and Mike
2 Who does that star?	Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy

1 I liked Garden State, Magnolia, The Shawshank Redemption, Shakespeare in Love, Steel Magnolias, Dazed and Confused, and Ocean's Eleven. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, Heath Ledger, Anne Hathaway, Jake Gyllenhaal, Ang Lee, Michelle Williams
3 I prefer Mary Stuart Masterson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bed of Roses

1 I like Remember the Titans, Evil Dead II, Memento, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Back to the Future Part II, The Terminator, and Lethal Weapon 2. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pay It Forward
2 Who is that directed by?	Mimi Leder
3 I prefer Lamont Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One on One

1 Little Women, GoldenEye, Cliffhanger, Toy Story, Quiz Show, Babe, and Beauty and the Beast are films I like. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, future, Keanu Reeves, Dolph Lundgren, William Gibson, Ice-T
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Logan's Run

1 The Wolf of Wall Street, Gattaca, Ocean's Twelve, V for Vendetta, No Country for Old Men, Shutter Island, and Lolita are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who does that star?	François Cluzet, Omar Sy
3 I rate Andrew Garfield movies. Any other suggestions?	Never Let Me Go

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, Mary Poppins, Lone Star, Vertigo, L.A. Confidential, Pulp Fiction, and The Wrong Trousers. I'm looking for a Richard Burton movie.	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mike Nichols, stage, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton
3 I like Michael Radford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nineteen Eighty-Four

1 Batman, The Usual Suspects, Jurassic Park, Dave, Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dead Man Walking are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Louisa May Alcott movie.	Little Women
2 What else is that about?	classic, Mervyn LeRoy, Louisa May Alcott

1 Mulholland Drive, An American in Paris, Four Weddings and a Funeral, American Graffiti, Ghost, Harold and Maude, and The Sound of Music are films I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Coming Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Heiner Carow

1 Peggy Sue Got Married, Ghostbusters, Tommy Boy, The Birds, An American Tail, The Flintstones, and Child's Play are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Greene, Peter Riegert
3 I rate John Amos movies. Any other suggestions?	The Beastmaster

1 The Bourne Ultimatum, Lucky Number Slevin, Titanic, The Matrix, The Truman Show, The Dark Knight, and Blood Diamond are movies I like. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	I Am Legend
2 What else is that about?	Horror, new york city, Will Smith, Virus, Mutants, last man on earth, Richard Matheson, matheson, I Am Legend, Francis Lawrence
3 I rate Cynthia Nixon movies. Any other suggestions?	Sex and the City

1 Forrest Gump, The Sixth Sense, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Shakespeare in Love, Swingers, The Cider House Rules, and American Beauty are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Entrapment
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I prefer John Huston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Would Be King

1 I love Fight Club, Sunshine, Pulp Fiction, Trainspotting, In Bruges, Oldboy, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Ritchie
3 I rate John McNaughton movies. Any other suggestions?	Normal Life

1 I liked Network, The Great Escape, The Matrix, MASH, The Exorcist, The Third Man, and Serpico. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Sanjuro
2 What else is that about?	japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, Japanese, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I rate Princess movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hidden Fortress

1 The Mask, The Silence of the Lambs, Kingpin, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, A Few Good Men, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Sting are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I like erotic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Unfaithful

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Terminator, The Matrix, Shaun of the Dead, Forrest Gump, Layer Cake, and Alien are films I liked. I'm looking for a cocaine movie.	Blow
2 What else is that about?	cocaine, Ted Demme

1 I watched the films 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Planet of the Apes, The Silence of the Lambs, X-Men, Men in Black, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show and loved them. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Dark Crystal
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, dark, Jim Henson, Frank Oz
3 I prefer sports movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Game Plan

1 Rob Roy, Unforgiven, The Usual Suspects, Election, The Silence of the Lambs, Almost Famous, and Never Cry Wolf are movies I really like. I'm looking for a 17th century movie.	Black Robe
2 What else is that about?	17th century, Bruce Beresford, quebec

1 I watched the films While You Were Sleeping, Schindler's List, True Lies, The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, and The Crow and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I rate Penelope Spheeris movies. Any other suggestions?	The Beverly Hillbillies

1 I liked Fight Club, Django Unchained, Knocked Up, The Beach, American History X, The Matrix, and American Gangster. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pineapple Express
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Seth Rogen, James Franco, David Gordon Green, No
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Boy with Green Hair

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Fugitive, Scream, Platoon, Jaws, Field of Dreams, and Aliens are films I really like. I'm looking for an Airport movie.	Die Hard 2
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, William Atherton
3 I like Jack Lemmon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Airport '77

1 Alien, Home Alone, Orlando, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Stepford Wives, Cabaret, and Dogville are films I really like. I'm looking for a 18th century movie.	Brotherhood of the Wolf
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Cassel, Monica Bellucci, Samuel Le Bihan
3 I like Jeroen Krabbé movies more. Do you know anything else?	Farinelli

1 Die Hard 2, Once Were Warriors, Goodfellas, Batman, Forrest Gump, Misery, and The Big Lebowski are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fandango
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Costner, Judd Nelson, Kevin Reynolds
3 I rate Marisa Tomei movies. Any other suggestions?	Cyrus

1 Labyrinth, Laura, Men in Black, To Kill a Mockingbird, MASH, Romancing the Stone, and My Bodyguard are films I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Theory of Flight
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Greengrass
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Iron Giant, Fantasia, Toy Story 2, Singin' in the Rain, Frankenstein, The Maltese Falcon, and Fargo are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Bicycle Thieves
2 Who is that directed by?	Vittorio De Sica
3 I prefer Mark Sandrich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Top Hat

1 I loved Best in Show, Modern Times, Babe, Being There, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Life Is Beautiful, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I rate Irish movies. Any other suggestions?	Michael Collins

1 I really liked Twister, All Dogs Go to Heaven 2, Aladdin, Disclosure, Junior, While You Were Sleeping, and Crimson Tide. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beverly Hills Cop III
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I rate Richard Lester movies. Any other suggestions?	How I Won the War

1 I loved Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Ghostbusters, Independence Day, Alien, Toy Story 2, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Aliens. I'm looking for an amnesia movie.	The Bourne Supremacy
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Brian Cox, Julia Stiles
3 I like Sean Astin movies more. Do you know anything else?	50 First Dates

1 Fight Club, The Deer Hunter, Deep Blue Sea, Dracula, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Cube, and Ginger Snaps are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Gothika
2 Who does that star?	Halle Berry
3 I rate Stephen Baldwin movies. Any other suggestions?	Shark in Venice

1 American Beauty, The Royal Tenenbaums, Lost in Translation, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pi, Memento, and I Heart Huckabees are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hal Hartley movie.	Amateur
2 Who does that star?	Martin Donovan, Isabelle Huppert, Elina Löwensohn
3 I prefer Adrienne Shelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trust

1 A League of Their Own, Bridget Jones's Diary, A Walk to Remember, The Boondock Saints, The Wedding Singer, Honey, and What a Girl Wants are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Down to You
2 Who does that star?	Julia Stiles, Selma Blair
3 I prefer Dustin Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cobbler

1 I watched the films The Flintstones, While You Were Sleeping, In the Line of Fire, Jurassic Park, True Romance, The Net, and Father of the Bride Part II and loved them. I'm looking for a Julianne Moore movie.	Nine Months
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, arnold, Romantic Comedy, Hugh Grant, Julianne Moore, Jeff Goldblum, Chris Columbus, Joan Cusack, Tom Arnold
3 I rate Ed Harris movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hours

1 North by Northwest, The Terminator, The Lady Vanishes, Grand Canyon, The Producers, Shall We Dance?, and The Lady Eve are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The World of Apu
2 What else is that about?	india, childhood, Satyajit Ray, apu trilogy
3 I like Frank Borzage movies more. Do you know anything else?	Three Comrades

1 I really liked Manhattan, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Boys Don't Cry, Shakespeare in Love, Being John Malkovich, Hamlet, and Topsy-Turvy. I'm looking for a futuristic movie.	Sleeper
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Neil Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Doomsday

1 Nobody's Fool, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Eraser, Sabrina, Jurassic Park, The Client, and Batman are movies I really like. I'm looking for an aids movie.	The Cure
2 What else is that about?	aids
3 I prefer André Téchiné movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Witnesses

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Leaving Las Vegas, Hoop Dreams, The Secret Garden, The Fugitive, The Remains of the Day, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	Red Rock West
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl

1 The Full Monty, The Big Lebowski, Schindler's List, Strangers on a Train, Dazed and Confused, Reservoir Dogs, and Waiting for Guffman are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Talented Mr. Ripley
2 What else is that about?	r, Matt Damon, Jude Law, Cate Blanchett, Gwyneth Paltrow, Anthony Minghella
3 I rate Nicole Kidman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Interpreter

1 Men in Black, Galaxy Quest, Stargate, Saving Private Ryan, Blade Runner, Forbidden Planet, and Independence Day are films I loved. I'm looking for a superheroes movie.	Mystery Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Kinka Usher
3 I like Sam Raimi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spider-Man

1 The Sixth Sense, Gattaca, The Replacements, All the President's Men, Braveheart, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Very Brady Sequel
2 What else is that about?	sequel
3 I like John Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Judge Priest

1 Knight and Day, Next, Predators, The Departed, Enemy of the State, The Expendables, and Surrogates are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Jackal
2 What else is that about?	remake, Bruce Willis, assassin, Sidney Poitier
3 I rate Andrew Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	Under Siege

1 I really liked Taxi Driver, Annie Hall, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Clockwork Orange, Sophie's Choice, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a French movie.	Delicatessen
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, apartment, jeunet
3 I like nature movies more. Do you know anything else?	March of the Penguins

1 Empire of the Sun, Stand and Deliver, The English Patient, Citizen Kane, The Color Purple, Shrek 2, and On Golden Pond are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lady Jane
2 Who is that directed by?	Trevor Nunn
3 I like Jean Renoir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swamp Water

1 I loved Rear Window, In the Line of Fire, Donnie Brasco, Unbreakable, Hilary and Jackie, Serpico, and My Life. I'm looking for a Holly Hunter movie.	Broadcast News
2 Who does that star?	William Hurt, Albert Brooks, Holly Hunter, Robert Prosky
3 I prefer Brittany Murphy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Little Black Book

1 Something Wicked This Way Comes, Big, Heaven Can Wait, Once Upon a Time in America, Halloween, Best in Show, and The Great Race are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	High Plains Drifter
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, enigmatic
3 I rate Don Siegel movies. Any other suggestions?	Two Mules for Sister Sara

1 Hoop Dreams, Full Metal Jacket, Schindler's List, A Clockwork Orange, Goodfellas, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Brazil are films I like. I'm looking for a Jack Clayton movie.	The Innocents
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Clayton

1 The Matrix, Mulholland Drive, Jaws, Trainspotting, Pulp Fiction, Django Unchained, and Donnie Brasco are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Looper
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt
3 I rate Dennis Dun movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Trouble in Little China

1 The Machinist, Memento, The War of the Worlds, Pretty Woman, Star Trek, Sleepless in Seattle, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I prefer Michael Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Disclosure

1 I liked Fargo, Good Will Hunting, Clerks, Rear Window, and Babe. I'm looking for a sexuality movie.	Chasing Amy
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I rate Paul Verhoeven movies. Any other suggestions?	Basic Instinct

1 I really liked Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Network, Braveheart, Chinatown, A Christmas Story, Alien, and Bringing Out the Dead. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade
3 I rate Matt Damon movies. Any other suggestions?	Behind the Candelabra

1 Django Unchained, Gravity, Jurassic Park, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Serenity, The Dark Knight, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	Man of Steel
2 Who does that star?	Amy Adams, Diane Lane, Michael Shannon, Henry Cavill
3 I prefer Jeff Bridges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Iron Man

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Shaun of the Dead, and Fight Club are films I love. I'm looking for a Tilda Swinton movie.	Burn After Reading
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, John Malkovich, Tilda Swinton, Frances McDormand
3 I rate Jim Jarmusch movies. Any other suggestions?	Broken Flowers

1 Airplane!, Hoop Dreams, Cinderella Man, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Animal House, Batman Begins, and Blazing Saddles are films I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Animation, cartoon, Christopher Lloyd, private detective, Robert Zemeckis, Bob Hoskins, Kathleen Turner, roger rabbit
3 I like space movies more. Do you know anything else?	Voices of a Distant Star

1 24 Hour Party People, The Godfather, Plan 9 from Outer Space, Hero, Hoop Dreams, Midnight Run, and A History of Violence are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	White Zombie
2 Who is that directed by?	Victor Halperin
3 I like Sam Peckinpah movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Deadly Companions

1 I love Forrest Gump, To Kill a Mockingbird, Dead Poets Society, Stand by Me, It's a Wonderful Life, Raging Bull, and Field of Dreams. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Room with a View
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, italy, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I rate Kieran Culkin movies. Any other suggestions?	Igby Goes Down

1 Black Mask, Predator, Groundhog Day, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Princess Bride, A Walk in the Clouds, and Die Hard are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bedazzled
2 What else is that about?	remake, Devil, Brendan Fraser, Harold Ramis, Elizabeth Hurley
3 I prefer Brian Robbins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Thousand Words

1 Men in Black, Full Metal Jacket, The Hunt for Red October, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Live and Let Die, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Batman are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Halloween
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I rate Larry Cohen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Stuff

1 Easy Rider, The Wizard of Oz, American Beauty, Beetlejuice, Rain Man, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, and West Side Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Peter Boyle movie.	Johnny Dangerously
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taxi Driver

1 Modern Times, Charade, Ordinary People, A History of Violence, Sleepless in Seattle, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and The Taming of the Shrew are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Candy
2 Who is that directed by?	Christian Marquand
3 I prefer Greg Beeman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bushwhacked

1 I loved Brazil, Pulp Fiction, The Conversation, House of Games, Eraserhead, Pi, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Suture
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Haysbert, Mel Harris

1 The Shining, Taxi Driver, The Godfather, Oldboy, The Matrix, Fargo, and Star Trek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Senna
2 What else is that about?	death, racing, rivalry, Ayrton Senna, Alain Prost, Asif Kapadia
3 I like Wim Wenders movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tokyo-Ga

1 Shine, Aliens, Evil Dead II, Heathers, Showgirls, Demolition Man, and Private Parts are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Booty Call
2 Who is that directed by?	Jeff Pollack
3 I like Richard Day movies more. Do you know anything else?	Girls Will Be Girls

1 Fight Club, Schindler's List, Taxi Driver, Punch-Drunk Love, Ghost World, Heat, and Before Sunrise are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ice Age
2 Who does that star?	John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Ray Romano
3 I like Michael McKean movies more. Do you know anything else?	Whatever Works

1 Amélie, Jerry Maguire, The Cider House Rules, Bruce Almighty, The Ring, Love Actually, and Scary Movie 2 are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk to Remember
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Drama, romantic, Mandy Moore, Shane West, Adam Shankman
3 I prefer courtroom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Paradine Case

1 Risky Business, Bad Boys, Being There, The Stupids, Back to the Future Part II, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Little Shop of Horrors are films I love. I'm looking for a John Landis movie.	The Kentucky Fried Movie
2 Who does that star?	David Zucker
3 I rate Denholm Elliott movies. Any other suggestions?	Trading Places

1 Space Jam, Leaving Las Vegas, Nell, Quiz Show, Beauty and the Beast, Hoop Dreams, and The American President are movies I like. I'm looking for an alcoholism movie.	Once Were Warriors
2 What else is that about?	violence, poverty, alcoholism, new zealand, Lee Tamahori
3 I prefer Blake Edwards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Days of Wine and Roses

1 I like The Man Who Wasn't There, Glory, To Kill a Mockingbird, Chinatown, A Fish Called Wanda, Cold Comfort Farm, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Never Cry Wolf
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Wilderness, Wolves, Brian Dennehy, Carroll Ballard
3 I prefer Jeff Bridges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Picture Show

1 Mary Poppins, The Money Pit, Titanic, The King and I, The Prince of Egypt, Fly Away Home, and The Lion King are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Secret Garden
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred M. Wilcox
3 I rate Bruno Barreto movies. Any other suggestions?	Reaching for the Moon

1 American History X, Go, Repo Man, Animal House, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Braveheart, and Sixteen Candles are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Drugstore Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Gus Van Sant, Heather Graham
3 I prefer René Clair movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Grand Maneuver

1 A View to a Kill, The Evil Dead, Ring, Fight Club, Shaft, Evil Dead II, and Lethal Weapon 3 are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	First Blood
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, Brian Dennehy, Ted Kotcheff, Richard Crenna
3 I rate future movies. Any other suggestions?	The Terminator

1 Casablanca, Witness, Rebecca, Charade, Jerry Maguire, Thunderball, and My Best Friend's Wedding are films I loved. I'm looking for a True Story movie.	Awakenings
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I prefer Nick Cassavetes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alpha Dog

1 I loved The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, City of God, Saving Private Ryan, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Dark Knight. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ghostbusters
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, Bill Murray, ghosts, supernatural, Sigourney Weaver, Dan Aykroyd, saturday night live, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis, Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer Queen Latifah movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Joyful Noise

1 I love Apocalypse Now, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Full Metal Jacket, I Am Sam, The Hurt Locker, Up, and The Outlaw Josey Wales. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Chicken Run
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Phil Daniels, Tony Haygarth
3 I rate Brad Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	Megamind

1 I really like Eureka, Dead Poets Society, All About My Mother, Memento, In the Mood for Love, Beyond Silence, and Metropolis. I'm looking for a glam movie.	Velvet Goldmine
2 What else is that about?	glam rock, Todd Haynes, glam

1 Howl's Moving Castle, Spirited Away, The Sixth Sense, Finding Nemo, Finding Forrester, Fahrenheit 9/11, and Good Will Hunting are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Nightmare Before Christmas
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Music, Musical, christmas, Tim Burton, animated, stop motion, Halloween, Special, Holiday, Danny Elfman, Chris Sarandon, Catherine O'Hara, Henry Selick, Paul Reubens
3 I rate Neil Jordan movies. Any other suggestions?	Byzantium

1 The Wedding Singer, Natural Born Killers, The Craft, Desperately Seeking Susan, 10 Things I Hate About You, Moonstruck, and Persuasion are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Run Lola Run
2 What else is that about?	r, German, Franka Potente, Moritz Bleibtreu, Tom Tykwer
3 I prefer Anton Yelchin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Odd Thomas

1 The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Mutiny on the Bounty, Shakespeare in Love, Bananas, Meatballs, Animal House, and The Omen are films I liked. I'm looking for a horror comedy movie.	An American Werewolf in London
2 What else is that about?	classic, tense, werewolf, horror comedy, John Landis, Jenny Agutter, Griffin Dunne

1 I love The Fifth Element, Men in Black, Apollo 13, The Matrix, Mrs. Doubtfire, Independence Day, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a classic movie.	The Blues Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I rate Blake Edwards movies. Any other suggestions?	The Party

1 I like Predator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Fight Club, Slumdog Millionaire, Ghostbusters, The Usual Suspects, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a Seth Rogen movie.	Superbad
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, Seth Rogen, Michael Cera, Jonah Hill, Greg Mottola, apatow
3 I prefer Evan Goldberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Is the End

1 Bend It Like Beckham, Shakespeare in Love, Ghost World, While You Were Sleeping, The Big Sleep, The Full Monty, and She's So Lovely are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Danny DeVito movie.	Living Out Loud
2 Who does that star?	Danny DeVito, Holly Hunter, Martin Donovan, Queen Latifah
3 I rate Robin Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	Death to Smoochy

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sixth Sense, Dances with Wolves, Schindler's List, Napoleon Dynamite, and Saw are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Don't Look Now
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicolas Roeg
3 I like Claudio Fragasso movies more. Do you know anything else?	Troll 2

1 I love Braveheart, Amélie, Cinema Paradiso, Patriot Games, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, True Romance, and Contact. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole
3 I rate Joely Richardson movies. Any other suggestions?	Loch Ness

1 I love Braveheart, An Officer and a Gentleman, 48 Hrs., Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Silence of the Lambs, Any Given Sunday, and Caddyshack. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg, George Clooney, John C. Reilly, Diane Lane
3 I rate Carey Mulligan movies. Any other suggestions?	An Education

1 Taxi Driver, Fargo, Six Degrees of Separation, A Bronx Tale, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, and Smoke are films I liked. I'm looking for a drug movie.	Trainspotting
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd

1 The Fall, Amélie, Annie Hall, Sherlock Holmes, Mulan, The Darjeeling Limited, and Les Misérables are films I really liked. I'm looking for a story movie.	The Princess and the Frog
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I prefer Quentin Tarantino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Reservoir Dogs

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, A Close Shave, Schindler's List, Natural Born Killers, Trainspotting, The Crow, and The Frighteners. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Last Supper
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, murder, Cameron Diaz
3 I like mafia movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Triplets of Belleville

1 I watched the films Princess Mononoke, The Fifth Element, Fight Club, Swingers, The Silence of the Lambs, Best in Show, and Jurassic Park and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I like Atonement movies more. Do you know anything else?	Atonement

1 The Third Man, Shaun of the Dead, Hotel Rwanda, The Straight Story, Throne of Blood, Run Lola Run, and True Grit are films I love. I'm looking for a Harold Lloyd movie.	The Kid Brother
2 What else is that about?	Harold Lloyd
3 I rate Sam Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	Dr. Jack

1 Jurassic Park, Mrs. Doubtfire, Apollo 13, The Shawshank Redemption, Jumanji, The Fugitive, and Ghost are movies I like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Dangerous Minds
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	Milk

1 Dances with Wolves, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Gone with the Wind, An American Werewolf in London, Sling Blade, and My Left Foot are films I liked. I'm looking for a children movie.	Mary Poppins
2 Who does that star?	Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, Glynis Johns
3 I prefer Rhea Perlman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Matilda

1 I loved The Wizard of Oz, Bicycle Thieves, Rear Window, Platoon, A Streetcar Named Desire, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The African Queen. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Deer Hunter
2 What else is that about?	War, Robert De Niro, vietnam war, Meryl Streep, Christopher Walken, vietnam, best picture, Russian Roulette, Michael Cimino
3 I rate Takeshi Kaneshiro movies. Any other suggestions?	Red Cliff

1 I like Roman Holiday, Sense and Sensibility, Much Ado About Nothing, The Bourne Supremacy, Cinema Paradiso, A Christmas Story, and Sabrina. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Spanglish
2 What else is that about?	Adam Sandler, James L. Brooks, Paz Vega
3 I prefer Jonathan Wacks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mystery Date

1 I like The Nightmare Before Christmas, Apollo 13, Outbreak, The Lion King, Speed, Rumble in the Bronx, and True Lies. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Magic, Musical, soundtrack, Robin Williams, own, animated, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, Aladdin
3 I prefer christmas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Claymation Christmas Celebration

1 Cube, The Matrix, Big Fish, Enemy at the Gates, City of God, Requiem for a Dream, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Scent of a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, new york city, Al Pacino, Philip Seymour Hoffman, school, 1, Chris O'Donnell, Martin Brest
3 I like Vittorio De Sica movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Children Are Watching Us

1 Clerks, The Fugitive, Strange Days, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, and Braveheart are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I rate Chris Noonan movies. Any other suggestions?	Babe

1 Lone Star, Rear Window, Roman Holiday, The Crying Game, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Jules and Jim, and Autumn Tale are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Blue Heaven
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Koster
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yankee Doodle Dandy

1 I watched the films Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Aladdin, Toy Story 2, The Princess Bride, and Independence Day and loved them. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	Multiplicity
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I like Ivan Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghostbusters

1 Teaching Mrs. Tingle, Back to the Future Part III, The Fast and the Furious, Shrek 2, Chocolat, Escape to Witch Mountain, and Nightwatch are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Simply Irresistible
2 Who does that star?	Sarah Michelle Gellar, Sean Patrick Flanery
3 I like Shelley Long movies more. Do you know anything else?	Troop Beverly Hills

1 Godzilla, The Rock, Goodfellas, The Shining, The Matrix, Fright Night, and The Terminator are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
2 What else is that about?	Romance, High School, ensemble cast, teen, Nicolas Cage, national film registry, directorial debut, Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Amy Heckerling, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, Ray Walston
3 I prefer Martha Coolidge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Out to Sea

1 I loved Little Shop of Horrors, The Prestige, and The Hangover. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mirkin
3 I like Roger Allers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Open Season

1 The Fugitive, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Dark City, Wonder Boys, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, and Ronin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I rate Hayao Miyazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Ponyo

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The English Patient, Lone Star, and Antonia's Line are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Paul Mazursky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scenes from a Mall

1 I really liked Monsters, Inc., Legally Blonde, Mary Poppins, Wayne's World, Bambi, The Birdcage, and Shrek 2. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad
2 What else is that about?	disney
3 I like Ernest Borgnine movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Black Hole

1 I like Independence Day, The Sixth Sense, Office Space, Army of Darkness, Gattaca, A Walk in the Clouds, and The English Patient. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Jakob the Liar
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams
3 I prefer Barry Levinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man of the Year

1 Army of Darkness, Apocalypse Now, Shaun of the Dead, Mad Max, Napoleon Dynamite, Office Space, and Edward Scissorhands are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an action thriller movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller

1 Batman Begins, Face/Off, The Italian Job, V for Vendetta, Groundhog Day, Top Gun, and Monsters, Inc. are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Shane Black, No
3 I like Ellen Barkin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Easy

1 Forrest Gump, The Matrix, Kin-dza-dza!, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Seventh Seal, Sherlock Holmes, and Fight Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	La Jetée
2 What else is that about?	time travel, black and white, Short, experiment, Chris Marker
3 I rate Luis Buñuel movies. Any other suggestions?	Un Chien Andalou

1 I really like Sling Blade, Run Lola Run, Buena Vista Social Club, Fargo, Life Is Beautiful, Magnolia, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
3 I like Robert Z. Leonard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pride and Prejudice

1 Sliding Doors, What Dreams May Come, Amistad, A Bug's Life, Emma, Philadelphia, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 What else is that about?	Charles Dickens
3 I rate 3 movies. Any other suggestions?	A Tale of Two Cities

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, The Sound of Music, It's a Wonderful Life, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Fugitive, and The Big Lebowski. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I prefer Dermot Mulroney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Best Friend's Wedding

1 I really liked Scarface, Memento, Superman, Real Genius, The Godfather, Grease, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I prefer James Franco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	127 Hours

1 I loved Chain Reaction, Heat, Father of the Bride Part II, Fear, A Time to Kill, Sudden Death, and Independence Day. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Last Dance
2 Who does that star?	Sharon Stone, Randy Quaid, Peter Gallagher, Rob Morrow

1 I love 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Jerry Maguire, Planet of the Apes, The Three Musketeers, Grease, and Roman Holiday. I'm looking for a futuristic movie.	Waterworld
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Kevin Costner, Water
3 I prefer military movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Starship Troopers

1 Bringing Up Baby, The Shawshank Redemption, Cinema Paradiso, Lifeboat, Shrek, Blazing Saddles, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dead Calm
2 Who does that star?	Nicole Kidman, Sam Neill, Billy Zane
3 I rate Robert Loggia movies. Any other suggestions?	Coldblooded

1 Unforgiven, Back to the Future, Erin Brockovich, Chicken Run, and The Terminator are movies I loved. I'm looking for a slavery movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I prefer england movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Belle

1 Starship Troopers, A Close Shave, Metropolis, Requiem for a Dream, Babe, Dancer in the Dark, and RoboCop are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Brotherhood of the Wolf
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Cassel, Monica Bellucci, Samuel Le Bihan
3 I rate Joanne Nail movies. Any other suggestions?	Switchblade Sisters

1 I really like Nixon, The Secret of Roan Inish, Nobody's Fool, Jane Eyre, Schindler's List, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a cemetery movie.	Cemetery Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Michele Soavi

1 Fried Green Tomatoes, Philadelphia, Driving Miss Daisy, The Shawshank Redemption, As Good as It Gets, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Fargo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I rate Israel Broussard movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bling Ring

1 I like The Princess Bride, Fargo, Oscar and Lucinda, L.A. Confidential, Good Will Hunting, Life Is Beautiful, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Until the End of the World
2 Who does that star?	Solveig Dommartin
3 I like Anna Magnani movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fugitive Kind

1 I really like The Fifth Element, Big Night, Sense and Sensibility, The English Patient, and Shine. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	La Haine
2 Who is that directed by?	Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I like Chookiat Sakveerakul movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Love of Siam

1 Heat, American Beauty, That Thing You Do!, Dead Man Walking, American History X, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Fight Club are movies I like. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	All About My Mother
2 What else is that about?	homosexuality, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I like meta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Education

1 I watched the films Aladdin, The American President, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, Sleepless in Seattle, Ghost, and Mrs. Doubtfire and loved them. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Jumanji
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Robin Williams, children, Kirsten Dunst, Joe Johnston, game, Chris Van Allsburg
3 I prefer Paul Bettany movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wimbledon

1 I really liked Outbreak, The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, Forrest Gump, Toy Story, Maverick, and The American President. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Associate
2 Who does that star?	Dianne Wiest, Eli Wallach, Whoopi Goldberg

1 I liked Army of Darkness, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Alien, Edward Scissorhands, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Salvador
2 Who does that star?	James Woods, James Belushi, John Savage, Michael Murphy
3 I rate Alex McArthur movies. Any other suggestions?	Rampage

1 Platoon, Rocky, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Total Recall, Field of Dreams, The Color Purple, and The Deer Hunter are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Edward Burns
3 I like Emily Blunt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Edge of Tomorrow

1 Heavy Metal, Touch of Evil, Yellow Submarine, Duck Soup, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Big Sleep, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Hannah movie.	The Mummy
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Sommers
3 I like Peter Howitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sliding Doors

1 Schindler's List, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Godfather, The Wrong Trousers, Rocky, Apocalypse Now, and A Grand Day Out are movies I really like. I'm looking for an africa movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy
2 What else is that about?	africa, south africa, Jamie Uys
3 I like aids movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yesterday

1 The Crow, Desperado, Outbreak, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, and Jurassic Park are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adam Sandler, school, Tamra Davis
3 I prefer Finnish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lapland Odyssey

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Deer Hunter, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Hud, Happiness, The Jungle Book, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Force 10 from Navarone
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Robert Shaw, Edward Fox, Barbara Bach
3 I rate William Holden movies. Any other suggestions?	The Horse Soldiers

1 The Conversation, Stop Making Sense, A Fistful of Dollars, Trading Places, Children of Men, Dawn of the Dead, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mary Elizabeth Winstead movie.	The Thing
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Antarctica, Norwegian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead
3 I like tarantino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Death Proof

1 Yojimbo, Glengarry Glen Ross, Chinatown, The Negotiator, Casino, Raging Bull, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I liked. I'm looking for a science movie.	Contact
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, science, Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, first contact, Robert Zemeckis, hugo award, Carl Sagan
3 I like Epic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Avatar

1 The Great Escape, Dances with Wolves, Gladiator, and Pretty Woman are movies I like. I'm looking for an own movie.	Gone with the Wind
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, War, black and white, historical, Love, national film registry, Epic, own, civil war, american civil war, favorite, best picture, George Cukor, Sam Wood, Clark Gable, Victor Fleming, Olivia de Havilland, Leslie Howard, Vivien Leigh, south
3 I prefer superhero movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mask

1 I loved The Maltese Falcon, Apocalypse Now, Citizen Kane, Being There, Taxi Driver, Schindler's List, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Palm Beach Story
2 What else is that about?	screwball comedy, screwball, Preston Sturges
3 I like Neil Patrick Harris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 I love Memento, The Matrix, The Straight Story, Donnie Darko, Spider-Man 2, and Run Lola Run. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Edukators
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I like David Mamet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spartan

1 I love Saw, Stargate, Waterworld, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, V for Vendetta, and Requiem for a Dream. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The Count of Monte Cristo
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Vernay
3 I like Ron Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Far and Away

1 The Godfather, Lost Highway, Pulp Fiction, Akira, The Shining, A Clockwork Orange, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a story movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I prefer imax movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Watchmen

1 Rear Window, Trading Places, The Untouchables, Heathers, Unforgiven, Miller's Crossing, and Sleepers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Martin Brest movie.	Midnight Run
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robert De Niro, Martin Brest
3 I like Christopher Walken movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gigli

1 Despicable Me, The Last Samurai, Troy, Up, District 9, Kingdom of Heaven, and Wreck-It Ralph are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Despicable Me 2
2 What else is that about?	Steve Carell, Steve Coogan, Kristen Wiig, Russell Brand, Ken Jeong, minions, Chris Renaud, Benjamin Bratt
3 I prefer zombies movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Return of the Living Dead

1 Heat, Starship Troopers, American Beauty, The Fugitive, Sling Blade, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Sixth Sense are films I love. I'm looking for a romantic movie.	Chasing Amy
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I like Richard Attenborough movies more. Do you know anything else?	In Love and War

1 Alien, The Godfather, Die Hard, The Thing, Full Metal Jacket, Monsters, Inc., and The Fifth Element are movies I liked. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Fly
2 Who is that directed by?	Kurt Neumann
3 I rate J. Lee Thompson movies. Any other suggestions?	Cape Fear

1 Babe, Much Ado About Nothing, True Lies, The Fugitive, Clear and Present Danger, Jurassic Park, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I love. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Rob Roy
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, John Hurt, Jessica Lange
3 I like Michelle Dockery movies more. Do you know anything else?	Non-Stop

1 I watched the films Out of Africa, Being John Malkovich, Cool Hand Luke, Little Big Man, Rear Window, Trainspotting, and Misery and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Haunting
2 What else is that about?	dark, remake, Liam Neeson, Owen Wilson, haunted house, Jan de Bont
3 I rate slasher movies. Any other suggestions?	Cold Prey

1 Fiddler on the Roof, Shrek, Awakenings, In America, The Color Purple, Good Will Hunting, and The Red Violin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cyrano de Bergerac
2 What else is that about?	Drama, French, Gérard Depardieu, Anthony Burgess
3 I rate Franklin J. Schaffner movies. Any other suggestions?	Nicholas and Alexandra

1 Carrie, The Seventh Seal, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Blade Runner, Sleeper, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Forbidden Planet are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Stanley Donen movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Rashomon, The Blues Brothers, Being John Malkovich, Schindler's List, Heathers, and Planet of the Apes are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	Red Rock West
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl

1 Raging Bull, The Color of Money, Risky Business, A Fish Called Wanda, Raising Arizona, Midnight Run, and Something Wicked This Way Comes are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Crimes and Misdemeanors
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like Carrie Fisher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hannah and Her Sisters

1 Platoon, Shrek, Rear Window, The Sixth Sense, Waiting for Guffman, Witness, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I loved. I'm looking for a civil war movie.	Friendly Persuasion
2 What else is that about?	civil war, american civil war, William Wyler
3 I like criterion movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ride with the Devil

1 Heat, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Lion King, It's a Wonderful Life, Henry V, The Godfather, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	In the Line of Fire
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich, Dylan McDermott, Rene Russo
3 I prefer Klaus Wennemann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Das Boot

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, Nine Months, Clear and Present Danger, Beauty and the Beast, The Shawshank Redemption, Crimson Tide, and The American President are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mike Nichols movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I prefer Dustin Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Graduate

1 The Shawshank Redemption, A View to a Kill, Die Another Day, GoldenEye, The Chase, Saw V, and Scary Movie are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Step Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	Adam McKay
3 I like Debbie Isitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confetti

1 I love Desperado, Airplane!, Caddyshack, Best in Show, Moby Dick, The Princess Bride, and Lethal Weapon. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beetlejuice
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Tim Burton, ghosts, death, Winona Ryder, Michael Keaton, Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis, Catherine O'Hara, burton
3 I prefer Buster Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seven Chances

1 Back to the Future Part II, Jurassic Park, Iron Man 2, Ice Age, Finding Nemo, Shaun of the Dead, and Yes Man are films I like. I'm looking for a H.G. Wells movie.	The Time Machine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, time travel, H.G. Wells, George Pal
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Time Machine

1 Breaking Away, Boogie Nights, Peeping Tom, Swiss Family Robinson, Next Stop Wonderland, The Last Emperor, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The End of Violence
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders

1 Little Voice, Shanghai Noon, Final Destination, Fight Club, American Pie, Boiler Room, and The Green Mile are movies I loved. I'm looking for an alcoholism movie.	28 Days
2 What else is that about?	Sandra Bullock, alcoholism, Viggo Mortensen, rehabilitation, Betty Thomas, Elizabeth Perkins
3 I like George Seaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Country Girl

1 Big Fish, Crash, The Italian Job, Saving Private Ryan, The Hours, Gladiator, and Match Point are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Billy Bob Thornton movie.	Monster's Ball
2 Who does that star?	Halle Berry, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I like Bridget Fonda movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Simple Plan

1 I love Blade Runner, The Wrong Trousers, Forrest Gump, Trainspotting, Aladdin, Speed, and Mallrats. I'm looking for a Heist movie.	Killing Zoe
2 What else is that about?	Heist, Roger Avary
3 I rate Mark Wahlberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Italian Job

1 The Hunt for Red October, Die Hard, Ocean's Eleven, Back to the Future, The Fugitive, The Blues Brothers, and Psycho are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Charade
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen
3 I prefer Douglas Camfield movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ivanhoe

1 I loved Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, The Shining, Casablanca, The English Patient, To Catch a Thief, As Good as It Gets, and The Commitments. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Strangers on a Train
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, tennis
3 I prefer Sean Ellis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Metro Manila

1 Army of Darkness, Pulp Fiction, Broken Arrow, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Fright Night, Time Bandits, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I like. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Aliens, dvd, Steven Spielberg, story, national film registry, spielberg, Alien, effects, ufo
3 I rate Stephen King movies. Any other suggestions?	Dreamcatcher

1 Bringing Up Baby, Basquiat, The Sound of Music, Fight Club, The Pride of the Yankees, Pulp Fiction, and True Romance are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Onion Field
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Becker
3 I like David Ayer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sabotage

1 I liked Jurassic Park, Ghostbusters, The Godfather, The Silence of the Lambs, Back to the Future, The Shawshank Redemption, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Hugo Weaving, Laurence Fishburne
3 I rate Simon Pegg movies. Any other suggestions?	Hot Fuzz

1 Scrooged, The Last Unicorn, Back to the Future Part II, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, What Dreams May Come, Empire Records, and Vampires are films I really like. I'm looking for a Willem Dafoe movie.	Shadow of the Vampire
2 What else is that about?	vampire, John Malkovich, Willem Dafoe, Udo Kier
3 I like Charlie Sheen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Platoon

1 I really liked My Own Private Idaho, The Color Purple, The Piano, Manhattan, Frankenstein, Blazing Saddles, and Black Hawk Down. I'm looking for an Andie MacDowell movie.	The Muse
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges, Sharon Stone, Albert Brooks, Andie MacDowell
3 I prefer Drew Barrymore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Girls

1 Pulp Fiction, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Trainspotting, The American President, The Usual Suspects, Memento, and Fargo are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Grosse Pointe Blank
2 What else is that about?	soundtrack, John Cusack, Dan Aykroyd, Minnie Driver, Alan Arkin
3 I prefer Kevin Bacon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Animal House

1 Guardians of the Galaxy, Inside Llewyn Davis, The Shawshank Redemption, Zelig, Reservoir Dogs, Dogma, and Pontypool are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who does that star?	François Cluzet, Omar Sy
3 I like Bérénice Bejo movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Artist

1 Casper, Mary Poppins, Flipper, Blank Check, Muppets from Space, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meet the Deedles
2 What else is that about?	Paul Walker
3 I prefer Halle Berry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Flintstones

1 Big Night, Annie Hall, Rear Window, Vertigo, Diva, Chariots of Fire, and Airplane! are films I liked. I'm looking for a dalai lama movie.	Kundun
2 Who does that star?	Tenzin Thuthob Tsarong
3 I prefer Brad Pitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seven Years in Tibet

1 Naked, The Big Sleep, The Third Man, Raging Bull, Lone Star, Touch of Evil, and Apocalypse Now are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Ed Wood
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Biography, Bill Murray, Tim Burton, biopic, b-movie, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Martin Landau, Ed Wood
3 I rate Mervyn LeRoy movies. Any other suggestions?	Madame Curie

1 American Beauty, Superman, The Right Stuff, Rebel Without a Cause, A Day at the Races, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Mad Max are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pelle the Conqueror
2 What else is that about?	immigrants, Max von Sydow, Bille August
3 I prefer Francesco Rosi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Moment of Truth

1 The Hurricane, The Thing, The Mummy, Rush Hour, The Perfect Storm, Universal Soldier, and Event Horizon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	Bedknobs and Broomsticks
2 Who does that star?	Angela Lansbury, David Tomlinson
3 I rate Sarah Bolger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spiderwick Chronicles

1 The Truman Show, Children of Men, The Dark Knight, The Terminator, Titanic, Aliens, and The Departed are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Prestige
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Hugh Jackman, Piper Perabo
3 I rate Abigail Breslin movies. Any other suggestions?	Haunter

1 Batman Begins, Braveheart, Seven Samurai, Sin City, The Dirty Dozen, The Matrix, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ragtime

1 Quiz Show, Clerks, The Brothers McMullen, Only You, The Indian in the Cupboard, Apollo 13, and French Kiss are movies I like. I'm looking for a british movie.	The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Monger
3 I like Kenneth Branagh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Henry V

1 The Great White Hype, The Adventures of Pinocchio, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Jack, Kingpin, The Frighteners, and Matilda are films I like. I'm looking for a snake plissken movie.	Escape from L.A.
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter

1 Fargo, Young Frankenstein, Bringing Out the Dead, Beauty and the Beast, The French Connection, The Return of the Pink Panther, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown
2 What else is that about?	women, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I rate High School movies. Any other suggestions?	Struck by Lightning

1 I love Big Night, The Terminator, Heat, The Birdcage, The Remains of the Day, The Philadelphia Story, and Clueless. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss of Death
2 Who does that star?	Richard Widmark, Coleen Gray, Victor Mature, Brian Donlevy
3 I prefer Richard Attenborough movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The League of Gentlemen

1 Pulp Fiction, Die Hard, The Dark Knight, Inception, The Godfather, No Country for Old Men, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Town
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, r, Ben Affleck, Jeremy Renner
3 I rate controversial movies. Any other suggestions?	Lolita

1 The Big Sleep, James and the Giant Peach, The Muppet Christmas Carol, The Matrix, The Graduate, The Full Monty, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Australia, Hugo Weaving, lgbt, Guy Pearce, drag, drag queens, Terence Stamp
3 I prefer country music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Father and the Man in Black

1 I really like The Philadelphia Story, The Blues Brothers, In the Heat of the Night, Braveheart, The Godfather, Stand by Me, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for a violin movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red

1 Back to the Future, Young Frankenstein, Dune, Seven Samurai, Ran, The Matrix, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Hunt for Red October
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I like Michael Keusch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flight of Fury

1 I really like The Killing, Magnolia, And Now for Something Completely Different, Life Is Beautiful, Shall We Dance?, Strangers on a Train, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a Jim Jarmusch movie.	Night on Earth
2 What else is that about?	Jim Jarmusch, Tom Waits
3 I like Steve Buscemi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery Train

1 I loved American Splendor, The Big Lebowski, Annie Hall, Rushmore, Pulp Fiction, JFK, and Stand by Me. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seconds
2 What else is that about?	John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer 13th century movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alexander Nevsky

1 Doctor Zhivago, Speed, The Best Years of Our Lives, Notorious, The Thomas Crown Affair, MASH, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I liked. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Empire of the Sun
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, John Malkovich, Miranda Richardson, Nigel Havers
3 I like John Wayne movies more. Do you know anything else?	In Harm's Way

1 The Last Samurai, The Bourne Ultimatum, Million Dollar Baby, Rain Man, Life Is Beautiful, The Usual Suspects, and Bowling for Columbine are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Sicko
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, france, Michael Moore, canada, united states, Cuba, health care, insurance
3 I like palestine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Palestine Is Still the Issue

1 Inception and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I like Mark Young movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tooth and Nail

1 The Matrix, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Memento, and Amélie are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Million Dollar Baby
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, sports, Clint Eastwood, boxing, Hilary Swank
3 I prefer Michelle Rodriguez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Girlfight

1 I like Platoon, Serpico, Dead Calm, Atlantic City, King of New York, Wonder Boys, and Edward Scissorhands. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Corpse Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton, Mike Johnson
3 I like Guy Moshe movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bunraku

1 Star Trek Into Darkness, The Count of Monte Cristo, Django Unchained, The Rock, Road to Perdition, Now You See Me, and Star Trek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	The Expendables 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, sequel, dialogue, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Chuck Norris, Simon West
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	The Story of Us

1 I really liked Chungking Express, Braveheart, Nell, Dead Man, Schindler's List, and Eat Drink Man Woman. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando
3 I rate Tracy Coogan movies. Any other suggestions?	Zombie Honeymoon

1 Dances with Wolves, The Time Machine, The Terminator, Wall Street, Apollo 13, and Gandhi are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Peter Berg movie.	Very Bad Things
2 What else is that about?	Peter Berg
3 I rate navy seals movies. Any other suggestions?	Lone Survivor

1 The Bourne Ultimatum, RocknRolla, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Bourne Identity, Donnie Darko, The Usual Suspects, and Looper are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Corpse Bride
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Tim Burton, animated, Helena Bonham Carter, 2, Ring
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghost

1 Into the Wild, Alien, Deliverance, Back to the Future Part II, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Wrestler, and Defiance are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Diamonds Are Forever
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Guy Hamilton
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	The Longest Day

1 I like Outbreak, The Fox and the Hound, Romeo + Juliet, A Time to Kill, The Princess Bride, Swiss Family Robinson, and Speed. I'm looking for a fairy tale movie.	Cinderella
2 What else is that about?	fairy tale
3 I prefer Julia Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mirror Mirror

1 I watched the films The NeverEnding Story, Tootsie, Dogma, Spaceballs, North by Northwest, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Serial Mom and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bent
2 Who is that directed by?	Sean Mathias
3 I rate David Cronenberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Cosmopolis

1 First Blood, Rocky, Rear Window, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, 12 Angry Men, Die Hard, and Basic Instinct are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a sexual abuse movie.	The Boys of St. Vincent
2 Who does that star?	Henry Czerny, Johnny Morina
3 I like Lluís Homar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Education

1 Forrest Gump, Twister, Sleepless in Seattle, Miracle on 34th Street, Schindler's List, Dave, and Crimson Tide are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	Miss Congeniality

1 I liked 12 Angry Men, Fight Club, The Matrix, The Godfather, Rear Window, Rain Man, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Count of Monte Cristo
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Vernay
3 I prefer Danny Boyle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trainspotting

1 The Hangover, 27 Dresses, Back to the Future, Edward Scissorhands, Old School, Sex and the City, and Spaceballs are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	13 Going on 30
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Garner
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thief of Bagdad

1 Ordinary People, Rain Man, Fanny and Alexander, Fargo, The Return of Martin Guerre, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Unbearable Lightness of Being are films I love. I'm looking for a Victor Fleming movie.	Gone with the Wind
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, War, black and white, historical, Love, national film registry, Epic, own, civil war, american civil war, favorite, best picture, George Cukor, Sam Wood, Clark Gable, Victor Fleming, Olivia de Havilland, Leslie Howard, Vivien Leigh, south
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Red Dust

1 The Hunger, Raging Bull, The Sixth Sense, Cat People, Raising Arizona, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Being There are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Office Killer
2 Who is that directed by?	Cindy Sherman
3 I like Dany Boon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nothing to Declare

1 Batman Begins, A Fistful of Dollars, Castle in the Sky, Big Fish, Dawn of the Dead, Ghost in the Shell, and Aliens are films I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	A Brief History of Time
2 Who is that directed by?	Errol Morris
3 I like Ilian Metev movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sofia's Last Ambulance

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Wizard of Oz, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Smoke, Pinocchio, Swingers, and Philadelphia are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Carroll Ballard movie.	Never Cry Wolf
2 Who does that star?	Brian Dennehy, Charles Martin Smith, Zachary Ittimangnaq
3 I rate Kelly Reno movies. Any other suggestions?	The Black Stallion

1 I like Gladiator, American Beauty, Stand by Me, Clerks, The Sixth Sense, Labyrinth, and The Others. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Magnolia
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, Tom Cruise, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julianne Moore, Paul Thomas Anderson, John C. Reilly, William H. Macy, forgiveness, ensemble, l.a.
3 I like Al Pacino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bobby Deerfield

1 I love The Graduate, Gone with the Wind, Being John Malkovich, Harold and Maude, American Beauty, The Crying Game, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Edward Scissorhands
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Johnny Depp, Family, Tim Burton, Winona Ryder, dark fantasy, Vincent Price, hugo award, Dianne Wiest, burton, depp
3 I like Harold Pinter movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Go-Between

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, Catch Me If You Can, Office Space, Rain Man, It's a Wonderful Life, A Man for All Seasons, and Big Fish. I'm looking for a London movie.	The King's Speech
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, War, r, historical, acting, London, Helena Bonham Carter, Colin Firth, australian, Geoffrey Rush, language, united kingdom, Tom Hooper, stuttering, king, historic, speech, stutter
3 I prefer Anthony Hopkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Elephant Man

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Apollo 13, Life Is Beautiful, Sense and Sensibility, Chicken Run, and Romeo and Juliet are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Runaway Bride
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall
3 I rate Ricky Gervais movies. Any other suggestions?	Cemetery Junction

1 The King and I, Trainspotting, Fallen, Romancing the Stone, Amélie, Matilda, and Traffic are movies I love. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I rate Priyanka Chopra movies. Any other suggestions?	Don

1 In the Line of Fire, Snow Falling on Cedars, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, and Gattaca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Hurricane
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I like Jacques Tourneur movies more. Do you know anything else?	Berlin Express

1 Witness, Trust, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Goodfellas, My Life as a Dog, Picnic at Hanging Rock, and The Wizard of Oz are films I like. I'm looking for a French movie.	Jules and Jim
2 What else is that about?	French, François Truffaut
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cyrano de Bergerac

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Close Shave, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Raising Arizona, Repo Man, The Wrong Trousers, and Fargo are movies I like. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 What else is that about?	William Friedkin
3 I rate Emile Hirsch movies. Any other suggestions?	Killer Joe

1 King Kong, Hulk, Tomorrow Never Dies, Beverly Hills Cop, Octopussy, Thunderball, and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jessica Biel movie.	Stealth
2 What else is that about?	Jessica Biel, ai
3 I rate Nicolas Cage movies. Any other suggestions?	Next

1 The Blues Brothers, The Usual Suspects, Deliverance, The Silence of the Lambs, The Terminator, Empire of the Sun, and A Christmas Story are films I really like. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	Cast Away
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Drama, Tom Hanks, stranded, island, Robert Zemeckis
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apollo 13

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Gone with the Wind, Psycho, The Usual Suspects, Contact, The Philadelphia Story, and The Elephant Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I really like Run Lola Run, Goodfellas, Fargo, Drugstore Cowboy, Minority Report, Blade Runner, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an australian movie.	Mad Max
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller
3 I prefer Tom Hooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The King's Speech

1 Analyze This, The Manchurian Candidate, American Pie, Rocky, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Sling Blade, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fran Drescher movie.	The Hollywood Knights
2 What else is that about?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Fran Drescher
3 I rate television movies. Any other suggestions?	UHF

1 I watched the films Dave, Traffic, Me Myself I, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Being John Malkovich, The Silence of the Lambs, and Saving Private Ryan and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	A Knight's Tale
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Helgeland
3 I prefer Aaron Katz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Land Ho!

1 The Manchurian Candidate, Pitch Black, Scarface, Falling Down, The Big Sleep, Godzilla, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	Hannibal
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Rod Lurie movies. Any other suggestions?	The Contender

1 Annie Hall, Deep Blue Sea, The Matrix, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, L.A. Confidential, Jurassic Park, and The Women are films I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Puppet Masters
2 Who does that star?	Donald Sutherland, Keith David, Julie Warner, Eric Thal

1 The Usual Suspects, Avatar, Sin City, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, Predator, The Red Violin, and The Lives of Others are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Postman
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer Jack Cardiff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark of the Sun

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, 12 Angry Men, Goldfinger, Fargo, The Fly, Seven Samurai, and Inherit the Wind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Wolf Man
2 What else is that about?	werewolf
3 I rate Robin Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	Moscow on the Hudson

1 I loved Monsters, Inc., A Time to Kill, The Princess Bride, A League of Their Own, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Little Mermaid, and Glory. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Johnny Depp
3 I prefer Paul Rudd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Our Idiot Brother

1 Battle Royale, Space Jam, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Seven Samurai, Friday, Saving Private Ryan, and Trainspotting are films I loved. I'm looking for an acting debut movie.	Precious
2 What else is that about?	Drama, acting debut, Gabourey Sidibe, Lee Daniels, Mariah Carey, Mo'Nique

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Dave, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Ghost, Twister, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I liked. I'm looking for an effects movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I rate wachowski brothers movies. Any other suggestions?	The Matrix

1 Shakespeare in Love, American Beauty, Being John Malkovich, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Election, and Elizabeth are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Code of Silence

1 I love The Seventh Seal, The Year of Living Dangerously, Apocalypse Now, The Lion in Winter, The African Queen, The Maltese Falcon, and Alien. I'm looking for a William Hurt movie.	Body Heat
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, noir, William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Lawrence Kasdan, Richard Crenna
3 I rate science fiction movies. Any other suggestions?	Lost in Space

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Blade Runner, Vertigo, The Great Race, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Beverly Hills Cop, and The Sound of Music are films I really liked. I'm looking for a remake movie.	My Man Godfrey
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Koster
3 I like Abel Ferrara movies more. Do you know anything else?	Body Snatchers

1 The Gay Divorcee, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Murder by Death, Hamlet, Before Sunrise, The Pianist, and A Bug's Life are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shallow Grave
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I rate Edward Buzzell movies. Any other suggestions?	Song of the Thin Man

1 I watched the films Blazing Saddles, Schindler's List, The Sting, The Hunt for Red October, It's a Wonderful Life, Saving Private Ryan, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and loved them. I'm looking for an Escape movie.	The Great Escape
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Prison, Steve McQueen, Escape, Richard Attenborough, John Sturges, prisoners of war, pow
3 I rate fugitive movies. Any other suggestions?	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang

1 The Blair Witch Project, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Sixth Sense, The Prince of Egypt, End of Days, and Cruel Intentions are films I loved. I'm looking for a sexual movie.	Eyes Wide Shut
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, new york city, Stanley Kubrick, erotic, sexual, Mask, orgy
3 I like Gael García Bernal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Y Tu Mamá También

1 Commando, The Big Lebowski, Jurassic Park, A Bronx Tale, Alien, Desperado, and My Neighbor Totoro are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Giallo movie.	Deep Red
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giallo, Dario Argento
3 I rate Lucio Fulci movies. Any other suggestions?	Don't Torture a Duckling

1 On the Waterfront, To Kill a Mockingbird, Some Like It Hot, The English Patient, The Silence of the Lambs, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and Schindler's List are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lion in Winter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, historical, Anthony Hopkins, Peter O'Toole, Timothy Dalton, Katharine Hepburn, Anthony Harvey
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Untouchables

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The Shawshank Redemption, The Piano, Legends of the Fall, Pulp Fiction, In the Name of the Father, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Nell
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson, Richard Libertini
3 I prefer Lee Pace movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Soldier's Girl

1 Gremlins, Tombstone, Fiddler on the Roof, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Last of the Mohicans, The Shawshank Redemption, and Brighton Beach Memoirs are movies I really like. I'm looking for a David Spade movie.	Joe Dirt
2 Who does that star?	David Spade, Dennis Miller, Brittany Daniel
3 I prefer Chris Farley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tommy Boy

1 I watched the films Garden State, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Amélie, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Moulin Rouge!, Wedding Crashers, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I prefer Jens Lien movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jonny Vang

1 Vertigo, Bringing Up Baby, Citizen Kane, Rear Window, Once Upon a Time in the West, Goodfellas, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Killer
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Lethal Weapon

1 Raging Bull, Blue Velvet, Apocalypse Now, Annie Hall, The Godfather, Her, and Yojimbo are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Akira Kurosawa movie.	Ikiru
2 Who does that star?	Takashi Shimura
3 I like Susumu Fujita movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Regrets for Our Youth

1 I really like The Truman Show, Elephant, Almost Famous, Hard Eight, Land of Silence and Darkness, The Red Shoes, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. I'm looking for a Sydney Pollack movie.	Husbands and Wives
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Sydney Pollack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Out of Africa

1 Pulp Fiction, Boys Don't Cry, Psycho, Unforgiven, Touch of Evil, Casablanca, and Annie Hall are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Martin Ritt movie.	Hud
2 Who does that star?	Paul Newman, Patricia Neal, Melvyn Douglas
3 I rate Madge Sinclair movies. Any other suggestions?	Conrack

1 The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Three Days of the Condor, Serpico, In the Heat of the Night, The Truman Show, All the Pretty Horses, and Papillon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	On Golden Pond
2 Who does that star?	Henry Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Jane Fonda, Doug McKeon
3 I prefer Olivia de Havilland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Libel

1 Billy Elliot, Memento, Grave of the Fireflies, American History X, Run Lola Run, Night and Fog, and Little Miss Sunshine are movies I like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 Who does that star?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Heath Ledger, Randy Quaid
3 I like Mandy Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chasing Liberty

1 I really liked Gosford Park, The Magdalene Sisters, Whale Rider, Bridget Jones's Diary, Shadowlands, The Remains of the Day, and The Shipping News. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Land Girls
2 Who does that star?	Rachel Weisz, Steven Mackintosh, Catherine McCormack, Anna Friel

1 I love The Graduate, Dead Poets Society, Driving Miss Daisy, Being John Malkovich, Saving Private Ryan, American Beauty, and A Few Good Men. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand and Deliver
2 What else is that about?	True Story, High School, teacher, Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer Nuri Bilge Ceylan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Winter Sleep

1 The Matrix, The Mask, The Usual Suspects, Fletch, Road Trip, The Longest Yard, and Liar Liar are films I really liked. I'm looking for a time travel movie.	Back to the Future Part II
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, sequel, future, science fiction, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, 2015, Lea Thompson, delorean, time machine
3 I prefer Peter Hyams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Timecop

1 City of Angels, Treasure Planet, Big, Moonstruck, Armageddon, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, and The Journey of Natty Gann are films I really liked. I'm looking for an original movie.	The Princess Bride
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, Fantasy, original, fairy tale, Fun, cult, Princess, Rob Reiner, Peter Falk, bride, William Goldman
3 I rate War movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wizard of Oz

1 Groundhog Day, No Country for Old Men, Casablanca, Ghostbusters, The Natural, Big Night, and Awakenings are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Graduate
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Anne Bancroft, Katharine Ross
3 I like Val Kilmer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang

1 I love Cinema Paradiso, Edward Scissorhands, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Goodfellas, Sleeping Beauty, Schindler's List, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Last Days of Disco
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Whit Stillman
3 I prefer Class movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rules of the Game

1 Cinema Paradiso, Run Lola Run, American Beauty, The Big Blue, Rocky II, Persuasion, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Emma
2 What else is that about?	british, Jane Austen, Gwyneth Paltrow, Douglas McGrath, austen
3 I like sexual abuse movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Boys of St. Vincent

1 Richard III, Forrest Gump, Harold and Maude, Cinema Paradiso, Pleasantville, Ed Wood, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I loved. I'm looking for a Shekhar Kapur movie.	Bandit Queen
2 Who is that directed by?	Shekhar Kapur

1 I loved Say Anything..., Rob Roy, Shakespeare in Love, Dark City, L.A. Confidential, The Shop Around the Corner, and Airplane!. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Trading Places
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I prefer Michael Curtiz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Is the Army

1 Men in Black, Up, Forrest Gump, The Machinist, Identity, The Sixth Sense, and X-Men are movies I love. I'm looking for a Peyton Reed movie.	Yes Man
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey
3 I like Jennifer Aniston movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Break-Up

1 Spirited Away, Let the Right One In, The Wrestler, Friday Night Lights, The Hunt for Red October, Pacific Rim, and The Lives of Others are films I loved. I'm looking for a r movie.	Winter's Bone
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, poverty, Jennifer Lawrence, rural, ozarks
3 I rate David Slade movies. Any other suggestions?	30 Days of Night

1 The Thing, Dirty Harry, Children of Men, The Terminator, American Beauty, The Player, and The Departed are movies I love. I'm looking for a Bridget Fonda movie.	Jackie Brown
2 What else is that about?	Quentin Tarantino, Samuel L. Jackson, Robert De Niro, own, tarantino, cast, Elmore Leonard, Pam Grier, Bridget Fonda
3 I like Jennifer Jason Leigh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Single White Female

1 I like Romancing the Stone, Hard Boiled, Alien, Enemy of the State, The Saint, Patriot Games, and Goldfinger. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kelly's Heroes
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Don Rickles, Telly Savalas, Carroll O'Connor
3 I rate Marlon Wayans movies. Any other suggestions?	Senseless

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Saving Private Ryan, American Pie, Moonstruck, Ladyhawke, Fletch, and The Breakfast Club are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	On Golden Pond
2 What else is that about?	Henry Fonda, Jane Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Dabney Coleman
3 I rate Maori movies. Any other suggestions?	Whale Rider

1 The Sixth Sense, Goodfellas, The Game, Casino, Gladiator, Crimson Tide, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I love. I'm looking for a characters movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I like simple movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pinocchio

1 Young Sherlock Holmes, Ghostbusters, Fargo, In the Name of the Father, Fight Club, Trainspotting, and A Christmas Story are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	To Die For
2 What else is that about?	r, Joaquin Phoenix, Wayne Knight
3 I prefer Christopher Walken movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stand Up Guys

1 I really liked The Maltese Falcon, Princess Mononoke, The Big Sleep, L.A. Confidential, The Iron Giant, Chinatown, and Cape Fear. I'm looking for a Rita Hayworth movie.	Gilda
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Vidor
3 I like George Sidney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pal Joey

1 Shrek, Monsters, Inc., The Incredibles, Finding Nemo, and Ice Age are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shark Tale
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Will Smith, Jack Black, Renée Zellweger
3 I rate Dermot Mulroney movies. Any other suggestions?	Living in Oblivion

1 Reservoir Dogs, Happiness, Dracula, The Ring, Shrek, Fight Club, and Big Fish are films I really like. I'm looking for a comic movie.	Batman Returns
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Walken, Michelle Pfeiffer, Danny DeVito, Michael Keaton
3 I prefer Vin Diesel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Guardians of the Galaxy

1 I watched the films Dead Man Walking, The Silence of the Lambs, Apollo 13, Sense and Sensibility, The Fugitive, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Fran Kranz movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I like Drew Goddard movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cabin in the Woods

1 Gladiator, The Breakfast Club, Insomnia, There's Something About Mary, Saving Private Ryan, The Sixth Sense, and The Graduate are films I really liked. I'm looking for a sexual movie.	Basic Instinct
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Sharon Stone
3 I rate Goldie Hawn movies. Any other suggestions?	Shampoo

1 Seven Samurai, Pulp Fiction, Perfect Blue, Big Fish, Spirited Away, Army of Darkness, and Gravity are films I love. I'm looking for a Shelley Winters movie.	The Night of the Hunter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, serial killer, national film registry, Charles Laughton, Robert Mitchum, Shelley Winters, west virginia
3 I rate Vladimir Nabokov movies. Any other suggestions?	Lolita

1 Life of Pi, The Terminal, The Matrix, Finding Nemo, Big Hero 6, Good Morning, Vietnam, and The Truman Show are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Story of Luke
2 Who is that directed by?	Alonso Mayo
3 I prefer Garry Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pretty Woman

1 Anatomy of a Murder, A Night at the Opera, The Deer Hunter, Best in Show, Big, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Hud are films I really like. I'm looking for a James Dean movie.	Giant
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Elizabeth Taylor, James Dean, George Stevens, Rock Hudson
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	East of Eden

1 I like The Princess Bride, How to Train Your Dragon, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a score movie.	Inception
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, cinematography, ensemble cast, original, Leonardo DiCaprio, Heist, science fiction, Michael Caine, script, Christopher Nolan, Ellen Page, tokyo, Cillian Murphy, Marion Cotillard, editing, Tom Hardy, score, Ken Watanabe, dream, screenplay, Tom Berenger, lucid dreaming, subconscious, nolan, Dileep Rao
3 I prefer Tim Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story 3

1 Becket, In the Heat of the Night, The Godfather, Deliverance, Lawrence of Arabia, Cool Hand Luke, and The Graduate are films I really like. I'm looking for a Chicago movie.	Chicago
2 What else is that about?	Music, murder, Musical, jazz, Richard Gere, Chicago, John C. Reilly, Queen Latifah, Rob Marshall
3 I rate mos def movies. Any other suggestions?	Cadillac Records

1 The Godfather, The Princess Bride, Touch of Evil, A Room with a View, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Producers, and The Blues Brothers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 Who is that directed by?	Baz Luhrmann
3 I like Nabil Ayouch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Whatever Lola Wants

1 Thank You for Smoking, The Blues Brothers, 300, Gandhi, The Matrix, Hanna, and Being John Malkovich are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Charlie Wilson's War
2 What else is that about?	True Story, History, r, Tom Hanks, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julia Roberts, cia, Amy Adams, afghanistan, Mike Nichols, Aaron Sorkin, covert operation, congress
3 I like Robots movies more. Do you know anything else?	Real Steel

1 Happiness, A Clockwork Orange, Almost Famous, Vertigo, Beverly Hills Cop, Rear Window, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Milk
2 What else is that about?	politics, r, Biography, gay, Sean Penn, biographical, San Francisco, Gus Van Sant, Josh Brolin, gay rights
3 I rate baseball movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pride of the Yankees

1 Office Space, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Everyone Says I Love You, Jean de Florette, Henry V, Dial M for Murder, and American Beauty are movies I love. I'm looking for a Ray Walston movie.	South Pacific
2 Who does that star?	Ray Walston, Rossano Brazzi, John Kerr, Mitzi Gaynor
3 I rate Robert Romanus movies. Any other suggestions?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 Shine, Matilda, The English Patient, Everyone Says I Love You, Breaking the Waves, Hamlet, and The Grass Harp are movies I love. I'm looking for a H.G. Wells movie.	The Island of Dr. Moreau
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Taylor
3 I like Bert I. Gordon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Empire of the Ants

1 Swingers, The City of Lost Children, The English Patient, The Shawshank Redemption, Chasing Amy, Mother Night, and Breaking the Waves are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love and Other Catastrophes
2 Who does that star?	Frances O'Connor, Matthew Dyktynski, Matt Day, Alice Garner
3 I prefer Matthew Broderick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Freshman

1 Office Space, Life Is Beautiful, Leaving Las Vegas, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, and Fight Club are films I loved. I'm looking for a Federico Fellini movie.	8½
2 Who does that star?	Marcello Mastroianni
3 I rate Carla Del Poggio movies. Any other suggestions?	Variety Lights

1 Singin' in the Rain, Rear Window, Monsters, Inc., Heart and Souls, The Princess Bride, When Harry Met Sally..., and Babe are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bandits
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Phil Alden Robinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Field of Dreams

1 Apocalypse Now, Being There, The Wrong Trousers, Trainspotting, Hoop Dreams, Looking for Richard, and The Remains of the Day are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Get on the Bus
2 What else is that about?	Spike Lee
3 I rate own movies. Any other suggestions?	Inside Man

1 Lawrence of Arabia, For a Few Dollars More, Rebecca, Talk Radio, Deliverance, Driving Miss Daisy, and Rain Man are movies I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Breaker Morant
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Australia, australian, court, Bruce Beresford
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	Braveheart

1 The Body Snatcher, The Wrong Trousers, Dead Man Walking, Psycho, The Shawshank Redemption, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and High Noon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hal Hartley movie.	Amateur
2 What else is that about?	Hal Hartley
3 I rate Sarah Polley movies. Any other suggestions?	No Such Thing

1 Glory, When Harry Met Sally..., A Bug's Life, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Casablanca, Papillon, and My Fair Lady are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Manhattan
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Woody Allen, Michael Murphy, Mariel Hemingway
3 I like Adepero Oduye movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pariah

1 Full Metal Jacket, Chinatown, Apocalypse Now, Miller's Crossing, Manhattan, The Big Lebowski, and Goodfellas are movies I like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Do the Right Thing
2 Who does that star?	Danny Aiello, Ossie Davis, Richard Edson, Ruby Dee
3 I rate Jean Arthur movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington

1 I watched the films Midnight Run, Cinema Paradiso, Peggy Sue Got Married, An Officer and a Gentleman, Best in Show, Being John Malkovich, and Clerks and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Kentucky Fried Movie
2 Who does that star?	David Zucker
3 I like Drake Bell movies more. Do you know anything else?	College

1 Apollo 13, The Birdcage, Pulp Fiction, and Dances with Wolves are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I prefer Denzel Washington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mississippi Masala

1 Almost Famous, Deliverance, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Thin Blue Line, A Grand Day Out, Holes, and Army of Darkness are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Hoosiers
2 What else is that about?	sports, Gene Hackman, basketball, Dennis Hopper, Barbara Hershey, indiana, David Anspaugh
3 I rate Matthew McConaughey movies. Any other suggestions?	Two for the Money

1 The Birdcage, Independence Day, Grumpier Old Men, and Toy Story are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Primal Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, murder, Edward Norton, Richard Gere, Laura Linney, Gregory Hoblit
3 I like Walter Hill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Another 48 Hrs.

1 Sleepless in Seattle, The Sound of Music, Groundhog Day, Nell, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pretty Woman, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Bodyguard
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer choir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fighting Temptations

1 I really like Iron Man 3, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, La Femme Nikita, Easy A, Miss Congeniality, The Avengers, and Iron Man. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Now You See Me
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, plot, Woody Harrelson, Mark Ruffalo, Jesse Eisenberg, Isla Fisher, Louis Leterrier, Dave Franco
3 I like Jessica Alba movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stretch

1 I really liked American Beauty, All About Eve, Gandhi, Ordinary People, Jean de Florette, The Spitfire Grill, and Broadcast News. I'm looking for a Mark Herman movie.	Little Voice
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Herman

1 Jacob's Ladder, Beverly Hills Cop, Payback, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, From Russia with Love, The Good Girl, and Minority Report are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Geoffrey Rush movie.	The Tailor of Panama
2 Who is that directed by?	John Boorman
3 I rate Scott Hicks movies. Any other suggestions?	Shine

1 The Producers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Breakfast Club, Evil Dead II, Blade Runner, Punch-Drunk Love, and Back to the Future are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	One Hour Photo
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Robin Williams, Mark Romanek
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Equalizer

1 The Italian Job, Never Been Kissed, About a Boy, Remember the Titans, School of Rock, While You Were Sleeping, and October Sky are movies I really like. I'm looking for a law movie.	Legally Blonde
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, murder, Fun, Reese Witherspoon, Luke Wilson, law, blonde, Selma Blair
3 I like court movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Few Good Men

1 MASH, Rain Man, Minority Report, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Silence of the Lambs, Pieces of April, and Monster are movies I liked. I'm looking for a 1980s movie.	Pretty in Pink
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, 1980s, Romantic Comedy, John Hughes, brat pack, Molly Ringwald, Prom, Howard Deutch
3 I rate friendship movies. Any other suggestions?	Let Me In

1 I really liked Flipper, Escape from L.A., Sgt. Bilko, Father of the Bride Part II, Multiplicity, Anne Frank Remembered, and Grumpier Old Men. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Olympia Dukakis, Glenne Headly, Jay Thomas
3 I like Brittany Snow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pitch Perfect

1 Apocalypse Now, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Pi, Army of Darkness, Fight Club, and Time Bandits are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Mel Gibson, Australia, australian, George Miller
3 I like Jaden Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	After Earth

1 I watched the films Ransom, The Lion King, Pretty Woman, Jurassic Park, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Mrs. Doubtfire, and The Wedding Singer and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Father of the Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Vincente Minnelli
3 I like Emeric Pressburger movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Canterbury Tale

1 I loved Caddyshack, The Dirty Dozen, Groundhog Day, The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Sting, and Lifeboat. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Logan's Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Anderson
3 I rate Franco Amurri movies. Any other suggestions?	Flashback

1 Schindler's List, The General, 12 Angry Men, A Close Shave, A Grand Day Out, Saving Private Ryan, and Stalag 17 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Belle de Jour
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Luis Buñuel, Catherine Deneuve
3 I rate best picture movies. Any other suggestions?	The Departed

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Dead Man Walking, Batman, True Lies, Eraser, The Fugitive, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edward Zwick movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 What else is that about?	courage, Edward Zwick
3 I rate american civil war movies. Any other suggestions?	Glory

1 Dances with Wolves, The Exorcist, Clear and Present Danger, Miracle on 34th Street, A Few Good Men, The Great Escape, and Good Morning, Vietnam are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Matt Damon movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Edward Burns
3 I rate Matt Damon movies. Any other suggestions?	Rounders

1 A Christmas Story, It's a Wonderful Life, The Commitments, Spider-Man 2, Cast Away, The Wrong Trousers, and Eyes Wide Shut are movies I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Saturday Night Fever
2 Who is that directed by?	John Badham
3 I like Wayne Coyne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Christmas on Mars

1 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, True Lies, Aliens, Lethal Weapon 4, Star Trek, Jurassic Park, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, cgi, Megan Fox
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confessions of a Window Cleaner

1 Yellow Submarine, Beetlejuice, The Lego Movie, Love Actually, Sleeping Beauty, Aladdin, and Labyrinth are films I really liked. I'm looking for a friendship movie.	The Fox and the Hound
2 What else is that about?	classic, friendship, disney, Kurt Russell
3 I rate Justin Timberlake movies. Any other suggestions?	Friends with Benefits

1 Dogma, Mulan, Toy Story, Groundhog Day, The Terminator, Road to Perdition, and Bridget Jones's Diary are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Horton Hears a Who!
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Steve Carell
3 I like Thelonious Bernard movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Little Romance

1 Natural Born Killers, Romancing the Stone, Weekend at Bernie's, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Rebel Without a Cause, Cinema Paradiso, and Airplane! are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Vincent D'Onofrio movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I prefer Lili Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mystic Pizza

1 Jumanji, Chicken Run, The Lost Boys, Unbreakable, Popeye, Ghost, and Les Misérables are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jack Frost
2 What else is that about?	christmas
3 I prefer Animal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Babe

1 I like Liar Liar, Men in Black, The City of Lost Children, Jerry Maguire, Trainspotting, Braveheart, and Waiting for Guffman. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, Harry Dean Stanton, Veronica Cartwright
3 I rate Halle Berry movies. Any other suggestions?	Gothika

1 Toy Story, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Forrest Gump, Back to the Future, The Incredibles, and The Emperor's New Groove are films I love. I'm looking for a Hayao Miyazaki movie.	Porco Rosso
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki

1 The Graduate, Chungking Express, Rear Window, Network, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, A Clockwork Orange, and The Good Earth are films I really like. I'm looking for a Luc Dardenne movie.	La Promesse
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Luc Dardenne
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	La Promesse

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, The Prestige, Zombieland, The Usual Suspects, The Dark Knight Rises, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, and The Lion King. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Brave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, pixar, witch, Emma Thompson, visuals, Princess, Billy Connolly
3 I prefer disney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cars

1 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Repulsion, City Lights, Perfect Blue, The Shawshank Redemption, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, and Days of Wine and Roses are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Short Film About Love
2 What else is that about?	s
3 I rate Philip Leacock movies. Any other suggestions?	Take a Giant Step

1 GoldenEye, The Dark Knight Rises, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Shrek, Airplane!, Home Alone, and Unleashed are movies I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Behind Enemy Lines
2 What else is that about?	War, Owen Wilson, Gene Hackman, rescue, John Moore, bosnia
3 I prefer Howard Hawks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Road to Glory

1 Spirited Away, The Princess Bride, Amélie, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a Marcel Carné movie.	Children of Paradise
2 Who is that directed by?	Marcel Carné

1 I like Transformers, Requiem for a Dream, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, My Neighbor Totoro, Brazil, They Live, and Once Were Warriors. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Planet Terror
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez
3 I prefer Xavier Gens movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hitman

1 Our Town, Charade, Double Indemnity, Citizen Kane, American Graffiti, A Bug's Life, and Mary Poppins are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Agnes of God
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Jane Fonda
3 I prefer Wim Wenders movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Land of Plenty

1 Corpse Bride, The Incredibles, The World's End, Alice in Wonderland, Ratatouille, Finding Nemo, and Shrek are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	ParaNorman
2 Who does that star?	Anna Kendrick, Casey Affleck, Tucker Albrizzi
3 I like Jane Powell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Athena

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Being John Malkovich, An Ideal Husband, Indochine, Monsoon Wedding, Schindler's List, and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Wiz
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I like Jim Wynorski movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deathstalker II

1 Catch Me If You Can, All About Eve, Alien, Finding Nemo, Drumline, Moulin Rouge!, and The Yearling are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Iron Will
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Haid
3 I prefer Shaad Ali movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bunty Aur Babli

1 I like Amélie, Whiplash, The Grand Budapest Hotel, Fight Club, Interstellar, Blade Runner, and Inception. I'm looking for an alan turing movie.	The Imitation Game
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, homosexuality, Benedict Cumberbatch, alan turing, historical drama, Morten Tyldum

1 Annie Hall, Much Ado About Nothing, When Harry Met Sally..., The Big Lebowski, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Spy Who Loved Me, and Dr. No are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Love's Labour's Lost
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Kenneth Branagh, Alicia Silverstone
3 I prefer Emma Thompson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead Again

1 Delicatessen, La Grande Illusion, Seven Samurai, The Big Lebowski, Sense and Sensibility, Emma, and Double Indemnity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a buenos aires movie.	The Tango Lesson
2 What else is that about?	argentina, buenos aires

1 I really liked Mary Poppins, Schindler's List, Highlander, Toy Story, Top Gun, Pulp Fiction, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Frankenstein
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	976-EVIL

1 I loved Elling, Platoon, The Dirty Dozen, Rules of Engagement, A Knight's Tale, Sliding Doors, and The Beach. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Reign Over Me
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, r, dvd, Adam Sandler, Don Cheadle, Donald Sutherland, Liv Tyler, Jada Pinkett Smith, Saffron Burrows, Mike Binder
3 I rate John Huston movies. Any other suggestions?	The Misfits

1 Goodfellas, The Godfather, The Nightmare Before Christmas, My Cousin Vinny, The Crying Game, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for a political movie.	V for Vendetta
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, murder, r, story, Natalie Portman, political, script, unique, Revolution, Hugo Weaving, dc comics, freedom, Alan Moore, Mask, graphic novel, dystopian, revolutionary, protest
3 I rate 2 movies. Any other suggestions?	Forrest Gump

1 The Puppet Masters, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Cocoon, Duck Soup, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Apocalypse Now, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for a Van Heflin movie.	Airport
2 What else is that about?	Airport, Burt Lancaster, Helen Hayes, Van Heflin
3 I rate film noir movies. Any other suggestions?	The Strange Love of Martha Ivers

1 I really like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Matrix, Run Lola Run, Excalibur, Jerry Maguire, Backdraft, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Brian Helgeland movie.	A Knight's Tale
2 What else is that about?	historical, Heath Ledger, medieval, Paul Bettany, Alan Tudyk, Shannyn Sossamon, Brian Helgeland
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Payback

1 The Godfather, The Matrix, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Fight Club, Almost Famous, Children of Men, and Muriel's Wedding are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Juno
2 Who is that directed by?	Jason Reitman
3 I like Ariane Mnouchkine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Molière

1 I liked The Best Years of Our Lives, Sunshine State, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Sound of Music, Of Human Bondage, Mary Poppins, and The Day the Earth Stood Still. I'm looking for a writer movie.	The Lost Weekend
2 Who does that star?	Ray Milland, Jane Wyman
3 I like Ethan Hawke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sinister

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, The Lion King, The Silence of the Lambs, Species, Speed, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I like france movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wasabi

1 The Lion in Winter, Jaws, Burnt by the Sun, The Deer Hunter, Being John Malkovich, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and The Spanish Prisoner are movies I like. I'm looking for a Yves Robert movie.	My Mother's Castle
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, 1, Yves Robert
3 I prefer Pierre Richard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe

1 Annie Hall, The Princess Bride, Shakespeare in Love, Little Miss Sunshine, Clueless, Smiley Face, and Sense and Sensibility are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Girl with a Pearl Earring
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Webber
3 I rate Rob Reiner movies. Any other suggestions?	Stand by Me

1 Seven Samurai, Eyes Wide Shut, Rushmore, The Celebration, Election, Leaving Las Vegas, and Being John Malkovich are films I loved. I'm looking for a Lars von Trier movie.	The Idiots
2 What else is that about?	Lars von Trier
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dogville

1 Law Abiding Citizen, District 9, Her, Inception, The Shawshank Redemption, Serenity, and Children of Men are films I like. I'm looking for an Andrew Niccol movie.	Gattaca
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer Peter Weir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Truman Show

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Fifth Element, The Prestige, Alien, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, American Psycho, and The Shining are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gus Van Sant movie.	Gerry
2 What else is that about?	Gus Van Sant
3 I prefer drugs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drugstore Cowboy

1 Casablanca, Apollo 13, Cinema Paradiso, Toy Story, The Sting, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Princess Bride are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	To Kill a Mockingbird
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, classic, Drama, national film registry, own, owned, lawyers, book, Gregory Peck, Robert Duvall, lawyer, alabama, Harper Lee, tag, compassion, southern, Robert Mulligan
3 I rate Mitchell Leisen movies. Any other suggestions?	Hold Back the Dawn

1 I really liked Bambi, The American President, Peter Pan, Chariots of Fire, North by Northwest, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and A Time to Kill. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, franchise, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, india, indiana jones, want, Lucas, indiana
3 I like Michael Douglas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Jewel of the Nile

1 In the Name of the Father, Schindler's List, Casablanca, 12 Angry Men, Richard III, The Shawshank Redemption, and Trainspotting are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Brassed Off
2 What else is that about?	british, Ewan McGregor, Mark Herman
3 I prefer cancer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Week

1 12 Angry Men, Willow, and The Goonies are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Dune
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, David Lynch, desert, lynch, Frank Herbert, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I prefer car chase movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ronin

1 Donnie Darko, James and the Giant Peach, The Sixth Sense, Best in Show, Princess Mononoke, Memento, and Waking Life are films I like. I'm looking for a hong kong movie.	The Killer
2 What else is that about?	assassin, hong kong, John Woo, chow yun fat
3 I like kung fu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kung Fu Hustle

1 I watched the films Raiders of the Lost Ark, Inherit the Wind, Chinatown, The Apartment, L.A. Confidential, The Verdict, and Rear Window and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Reckless
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman René
3 I rate Wes Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grand Budapest Hotel

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The African Queen, The Cider House Rules, The Piano, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, American Beauty, and Breaking Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Moonstruck
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Nicolas Cage, Romantic Comedy, New York, Norman Jewison, Cher, Olympia Dukakis, John Patrick Shanley
3 I prefer f movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airheads

1 The Fugitive, Psycho, American Beauty, Clerks, Tombstone, Brotherhood of the Wolf, and A Mighty Wind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Todd Phillips movie.	Old School
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Will Ferrell, College, Vince Vaughn, fraternity, Luke Wilson, Todd Phillips
3 I rate Road Trip movies. Any other suggestions?	Road Trip

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Short Cuts, Touch of Evil, Apocalypse Now, Leaving Las Vegas, Five Easy Pieces, and Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould are movies I love. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Notorious
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, espionage, Alfred Hitchcock, spy, Hitchcock, Cary Grant, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains
3 I prefer Julia Stiles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 I liked As Good as It Gets, It's a Wonderful Life, The Shawshank Redemption, The Wizard of Oz, Casablanca, and The Bridge on the River Kwai. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	r, disability, Billy Bob Thornton, John Ritter
3 I rate Satyajit Ray movies. Any other suggestions?	Charulata

1 I watched the films Nosferatu, The Producers, Days of Heaven, Alien, MASH, La Jetée, and Paths of Glory and loved them. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	The Red Balloon
2 What else is that about?	Paris
3 I like Alexander Payne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paris, je t'aime

1 I loved Dazed and Confused, Breaking the Waves, Annie Hall, Sling Blade, Midnight Cowboy, Dead Man Walking, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Naked
2 What else is that about?	british, Mike Leigh
3 I rate alcoholism movies. Any other suggestions?	The Country Girl

1 The Matrix, Schindler's List, National Lampoon's Vacation, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Patton, Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, and Men in Black are films I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Hang 'Em High
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, Ted Post
3 I rate Sergio Leone movies. Any other suggestions?	For a Few Dollars More

1 The Sound of Music, Duck Soup, Ed Wood, A Clockwork Orange, Brazil, Nell, and Natural Born Killers are films I really like. I'm looking for a Tom Shadyac movie.	Liar Liar
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jim Carrey, Tom Shadyac
3 I like united states movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bruce Almighty

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Chinatown, The Verdict, Batman Begins, Field of Dreams, The Passion of the Christ, and Black Swan are movies I loved. I'm looking for an editing movie.	The Dark Knight
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I rate David Fincher movies. Any other suggestions?	The Social Network

1 I watched the films Best in Show, Cast Away, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Aladdin, A Bug's Life, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and As Good as It Gets and loved them. I'm looking for a Billy Wilder movie.	The Seven Year Itch
2 Who does that star?	Marilyn Monroe, Tom Ewell
3 I rate Juliet Mills movies. Any other suggestions?	Avanti!

1 The Commitments, Love Actually, Taken, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Dangerous Liaisons, Toy Story, and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a London movie.	The Heart of Me
2 Who does that star?	Helena Bonham Carter, Olivia Williams, Paul Bettany
3 I like Juliette Binoche movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breaking and Entering

1 I liked Cyrano de Bergerac, Gladiator, Superman, Full Metal Jacket, The Blues Brothers, I, Robot, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	The Untouchables
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I like Kevin Costner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Postman

1 I watched the films They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, Gladiator, Goodfellas, La Femme Nikita, Dog Day Afternoon, Angel Heart, and Blade and loved them. I'm looking for a Lars von Trier movie.	Europa
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Love, germany, Lars von Trier
3 I like Emily Watson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breaking the Waves

1 Live Nude Girls, I Shot Andy Warhol, American Beauty, That Thing You Do!, Marvin's Room, A League of Their Own, and Election are films I like. I'm looking for a Julianne Moore movie.	Short Cuts
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, los angeles, Julianne Moore, Tom Waits, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate Scarlett Johansson movies. Any other suggestions?	Don Jon

1 Die Hard, Citizen Kane, The Third Man, It's a Wonderful Life, and My Darling Clementine are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ronald Neame movie.	Tunes of Glory
2 Who does that star?	Alec Guinness, John Mills, Dennis Price, Kay Walsh
3 I rate Deborah Kerr movies. Any other suggestions?	The Chalk Garden

1 Blade Runner, Sliding Doors, Faraway, So Close!, The Matrix, Citizen Kane, 2010, and The Fifth Element are movies I love. I'm looking for a Byron Haskin movie.	The War of the Worlds
2 Who is that directed by?	Byron Haskin

1 I like Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, Run Lola Run, Army of Darkness, Princess Mononoke, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a George Clooney movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, John Goodman, John Turturro, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I prefer Jason Schwartzman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fantastic Mr. Fox

1 I loved Night of the Living Dead, The Dreamlife of Angels, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Saving Private Ryan, Kissing Jessica Stein, You Can Count on Me, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk on the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Diane Lane, Anna Paquin
3 I prefer Shea Whigham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All the Real Girls

1 I liked Dangerous Liaisons, Mad Max, The Color Purple, Full Metal Jacket, The Killing Fields, Witness, and Runaway Train. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Year of Living Dangerously
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mel Gibson, Sigourney Weaver, Peter Weir, indonesia
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	How I Won the War

1 I loved What About Bob?, Edward Scissorhands, The Cable Guy, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Green Mile, Fight Club, and Blow. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism
3 I rate Rowan Atkinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny English Reborn

1 Waterworld, Speed, Schindler's List, Clear and Present Danger, Braveheart, The Crow, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Linda Fiorentino movie.	Jade
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	After Hours

1 Stalker, Chungking Express, The Fisher King, Dirty Harry, Bad Lieutenant, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and Killing Zoe are movies I like. I'm looking for a desert movie.	Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
2 Who does that star?	Lori Williams, Haji, Tura Satana
3 I rate Lotte Eisner movies. Any other suggestions?	Fata Morgana

1 The Last Samurai, Kingdom of Heaven, A Beautiful Mind, and The Matrix are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hot Fuzz
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Police, Simon Pegg, Nick Frost, Edgar Wright, cornetto trilogy
3 I rate cheerleading movies. Any other suggestions?	Fired Up!

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Casablanca, Real Genius, Starship Troopers, Sneakers, and The Iron Giant are films I really like. I'm looking for a Kyle MacLachlan movie.	Dune
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, David Lynch, desert, lynch, Frank Herbert, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I prefer sexual movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blue Velvet

1 Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Vanya on 42nd Street, The Usual Suspects, The Madness of King George, and Ed Wood are films I like. I'm looking for an ira movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, ira, Jim Sheridan, Pete Postlethwaite
3 I like Forest Whitaker movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Crying Game

1 American History X, Saving Private Ryan, Gladiator, Memento, The Matrix, Forrest Gump, and The Dark Knight are movies I really like. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	The Bourne Ultimatum
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, sequel, assassin, Matt Damon, amnesia, cia, spy, spy thriller, Robert Ludlum, Paul Greengrass
3 I prefer Chuck Norris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Expendables 2

1 Go, Romeo + Juliet, Batman, Scrooged, The Game, Arlington Road, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Night Shift
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Henry Winkler, Shelley Long
3 I like Toni Collette movies more. Do you know anything else?	Muriel's Wedding

1 Inglourious Basterds, 12 Angry Men, Howl's Moving Castle, Ocean's Eleven, The Shawshank Redemption, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Back to the Future Part III are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Jerk
2 What else is that about?	Steve Martin, Carl Reiner
3 I rate Jennifer Lopez movies. Any other suggestions?	Monster-in-Law

1 I loved A Simple Plan, House of Games, The Game, The Last Seduction, The Silence of the Lambs, Seven Samurai, and The English Patient. I'm looking for a War movie.	Seven Beauties
2 Who does that star?	Fernando Rey, Giancarlo Giannini, Shirley Stoler
3 I like Nigel Green movies more. Do you know anything else?	Play Dirty

1 I love Searching for Bobby Fischer, Pulp Fiction, Mystic River, A Clockwork Orange, The Pianist, Frida, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a fosse movie.	Lenny
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, biographical, Bob Fosse, fosse
3 I like Liza Minnelli movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cabaret

1 The Bridges of Madison County, Sense and Sensibility, Much Ado About Nothing, The Lion King, Apollo 13, Cry, the Beloved Country, and Forrest Gump are films I liked. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Nixon
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I rate Mary Harron movies. Any other suggestions?	The Notorious Bettie Page

1 The Lion King, Jurassic Park, Shrek, Toy Story 2, Contact, X-Men, and Spider-Man are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Superman
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, superhero, comic book, franchise, super-hero, Gene Hackman, superheroes, Marlon Brando, dc comics, comics, Superman, comic books, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Donner, Ned Beatty, Glenn Ford
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Where Eagles Dare

1 The Sound of Music, It's a Wonderful Life, The Secret Garden, Goldfinger, The Mask of Zorro, The Outsiders, and The Sixth Sense are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I like John Hughes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ferris Bueller's Day Off

1 Pulp Fiction, Bowling for Columbine, Schindler's List, Ordinary People, Rocky, The Sweet Hereafter, and Magnolia are films I love. I'm looking for a Milan Kundera movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 Who is that directed by?	Philip Kaufman

1 I like The 39 Steps, The Shining, The Gold Rush, Jackie Brown, The Last of the Mohicans, The Lion in Winter, and The Bridge on the River Kwai. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Peeping Tom
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, serial killer, british, Michael Powell
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Wishmaster

1 I really liked Cool Hand Luke, Vertigo, Clear and Present Danger, Goodfellas, Glengarry Glen Ross, Home Alone, and The Firm. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man Without a Face
2 What else is that about?	Drama, directorial debut, Mel Gibson
3 I like psychedelic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enter the Void

1 Young Frankenstein, Bull Durham, The Blues Brothers, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Cider House Rules, Traffic, and Out of Sight are films I really like. I'm looking for a Nicole Kidman movie.	Dead Calm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Nicole Kidman, Sam Neill, Phillip Noyce, Billy Zane
3 I like courtesan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moulin Rouge!

1 Interstellar, Casablanca, The Lion King, The Sound of Music, Mulan, Beauty and the Beast, and Aladdin are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Superbad
2 Who is that directed by?	Greg Mottola
3 I like Kevin Heffernan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Slammin' Salmon

1 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Inglourious Basterds, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, A Beautiful Mind, The Pianist, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and Slumdog Millionaire are movies I love. I'm looking for a John Ford movie.	The Hurricane
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I prefer Robert Montgomery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	They Were Expendable

1 The Birdcage, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Swimming with Sharks, Predator, Menace II Society, Goodfellas, and Jaws are films I love. I'm looking for a Kevin Smith movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I rate Tracy Morgan movies. Any other suggestions?	Cop Out

1 Broken Arrow, In the Line of Fire, Legends of the Fall, Crimson Tide, Executive Decision, What's Love Got to Do with It, and The Piano are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Virtuosity
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington, Kelly Lynch, Stephen Spinella
3 I rate Helen Mirren movies. Any other suggestions?	State of Play

1 I really like Before Sunrise, The Usual Suspects, Outbreak, Dead Man Walking, Clueless, Babe, and Vanya on 42nd Street. I'm looking for a biopic movie.	What's Love Got to Do with It
2 What else is that about?	biopic, Angela Bassett
3 I like Mario Van Peebles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baadasssss!

1 Legends of the Fall, Philadelphia, Apollo 13, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Mrs. Doubtfire, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Victor Salva movie.	Powder
2 Who is that directed by?	Victor Salva

1 I liked Throne of Blood, Do the Right Thing, The Manchurian Candidate, The Battle of Algiers, The Thing, A Streetcar Named Desire, and A Nightmare on Elm Street. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, national film registry, Steven Soderbergh, lies, videotape
3 I rate George Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	Destry Rides Again

1 Beauty and the Beast, Pretty Woman, Sense and Sensibility, The Lion King, Schindler's List, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nine Months
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, arnold, Romantic Comedy, Hugh Grant, Julianne Moore, Jeff Goldblum, Chris Columbus, Joan Cusack, Tom Arnold
3 I like new orleans movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Flame of New Orleans

1 The Big Sleep, Fight Club, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, La Femme Nikita, Black Hawk Down, High Fidelity, and Mutiny on the Bounty are films I really liked. I'm looking for a new mexico movie.	The Tao of Steve
2 Who is that directed by?	Jenniphr Goodman

1 Saving Private Ryan, Stand by Me, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Sixth Sense, Pulp Fiction, Sling Blade, and Good Will Hunting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Raising Arizona
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, coen brothers, Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, Arizona
3 I like Jerry Lewis movies more. Do you know anything else?	The King of Comedy

1 Priest, Nell, The Remains of the Day, On Golden Pond, A Close Shave, Das Boot, and High Noon are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man Without a Face
2 What else is that about?	Drama, directorial debut, Mel Gibson
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moon

1 I watched the films Field of Dreams, Schindler's List, The Princess Bride, The Right Stuff, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Toy Story, and Forrest Gump and loved them. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	Groundhog Day
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I like Ivan Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stripes

1 Husbands and Wives, The Monster, Groundhog Day, The Motorcycle Diaries, Dead Man, The Prestige, and Jacob's Ladder are films I liked. I'm looking for a Roberto Benigni movie.	Johnny Stecchino
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni, Nicoletta Braschi, Paolo Bonacelli
3 I prefer Tom Waits movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tiger and the Snow

1 The Battle of Algiers, Ed Wood, Once Upon a Time in America, Rain Man, Million Dollar Baby, Fear of a Black Hat, and Aliens are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I like Stephen Daldry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Billy Elliot

1 The Right Stuff, American Beauty, Breaking Away, Collateral, Field of Dreams, Rear Window, and Hoosiers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Verdict
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I prefer Bohdan Sláma movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Country Teacher

1 Aladdin, Grease, Toy Story 2, Groundhog Day, Best in Show, There's Something About Mary, and A League of Their Own are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What About Bob?
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I rate José Luis Cuerda movies. Any other suggestions?	Amanece, que no es poco

1 Shrek 2, Conspiracy Theory, Good Will Hunting, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Patch Adams
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Good Will Hunting

1 I love Shall We Dance?, Sense and Sensibility, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Aladdin, Strictly Ballroom, The Wizard of Oz, and The Jungle Book. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Music, pixar, disney, story, children, characters, animated, Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, Monsters, 3, Billy Crystal, pixar animation, James Coburn, Pete Docter, Lee Unkrich, Jennifer Tilly, Andrew Stanton, David Silverman
3 I rate Bachelor Party movies. Any other suggestions?	Bachelor Party

1 I love The Russia House, Gone with the Wind, Nell, To Catch a Thief, MASH, Chocolat, and North by Northwest. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Yentl
2 Who is that directed by?	Barbra Streisand
3 I prefer Jacques Demy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Young Girls of Rochefort

1 The Shining, No Country for Old Men, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Unforgiven, Pulp Fiction, There Will Be Blood, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I love. I'm looking for a Howard Hawks movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I like Broadway movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gentlemen Prefer Blondes

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, A Christmas Story, Grosse Pointe Blank, Home Alone, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Places in the Heart, and The Shining are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Rescuers Down Under
2 What else is that about?	disney, disney animated feature, John Candy, Bob Newhart, Eva Gabor
3 I like Hayao Miyazaki movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ponyo

1 The Exorcist, To Kill a Mockingbird, Back to the Future, American Graffiti, A Christmas Story, Sling Blade, and Carrie are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Misery
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I rate Dito Montiel movies. Any other suggestions?	The Son of No One

1 I love The Madness of King George, Reservoir Dogs, Taxi Driver, Forrest Gump, Dolores Claiborne, The Usual Suspects, and The Brothers McMullen. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	White Squall
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Takashi Miike movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Audition

1 The Fugitive, Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, Mrs. Doubtfire, Ghost, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for an africa movie.	The Lion King
2 What else is that about?	classic, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, africa, own, animated, animals, Matthew Broderick, hans zimmer, Jeremy Irons, lions, disney renaissance, Hamlet, Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I like Ben Stiller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Madagascar

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Quiz Show, Titanic, Saving Private Ryan, When Harry Met Sally..., My Neighbor Totoro, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a Herbert Lom movie.	The Lady Vanishes
2 What else is that about?	remake, Herbert Lom, Cybill Shepherd
3 I prefer british movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Frightened City

1 Sideways, Persona, Forrest Gump, Monsters, Inc., Apocalypse Now, Some Like It Hot, and The Hustler are films I loved. I'm looking for a corporate movie.	Up in the Air
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, George Clooney, las vegas, travel, Jason Reitman, detroit, miami, corporate
3 I like Hamlet movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bad Sleep Well

1 A Little Princess, The Player, Shrek, L.A. Confidential, Jurassic Park, The Incredibles, and Rob Roy are films I liked. I'm looking for an own movie.	A Close Shave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Short, own, animated, stop motion, aardman, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I rate Matt Dillon movies. Any other suggestions?	Crash

1 I really like The Wrong Trousers, A Room with a View, Persuasion, A Close Shave, Jean de Florette, Sense and Sensibility, and Richard III. I'm looking for a red curtain trilogy movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Baz Luhrmann, red curtain trilogy

1 I love Finding Nemo, Reservoir Dogs, American Pie, American Beauty, Fight Club, Toy Story 2, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Catch Me If You Can
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Tom Hanks, Steven Spielberg, Leonardo DiCaprio, spielberg, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams, book, 2, Martin Sheen, fraud
3 I rate Winona Ryder movies. Any other suggestions?	Mermaids

1 I loved Remember the Titans, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Spirited Away, Lucky Number Slevin, The Princess Bride, The Shawshank Redemption, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	The Muppet Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	christmas, Michael Caine, muppets, Charles Dickens, Jim Henson
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cider House Rules

1 The Great Escape, Lawrence of Arabia, Total Recall, Pinocchio, The Old Man and the Sea, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Das Boot are movies I love. I'm looking for an Edmund Goulding movie.	Grand Hotel
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Greta Garbo, Edmund Goulding
3 I prefer Tyrone Power movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Razor's Edge

1 Run Lola Run, Cool Hand Luke, A Grand Day Out, The African Queen, Hotel Rwanda, The Day of the Jackal, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Riding Giants
2 What else is that about?	surfing, Stacy Peralta
3 I rate holocaust movies. Any other suggestions?	Shoah

1 I really like Mr. Holland's Opus, Toy Story, A Time to Kill, Heat, The Birdcage, Happy Gilmore, and Leaving Las Vegas. I'm looking for a Henry Selick movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Musical, Tim Burton, Roald Dahl, Henry Selick
3 I like dark movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coraline

1 Almost Famous, Saving Private Ryan, The Matrix, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Schindler's List, Life Is Beautiful, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I prefer Mike Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Corpse Bride

1 Pretty Woman, The Princess Bride, Top Gun, When Harry Met Sally..., Immortal Beloved, Heavenly Creatures, and Little Women are movies I loved. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Dangerous Liaisons
2 Who does that star?	Cecilia Cheung

1 The Terminator, The Dirty Dozen, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Godfather, When Harry Met Sally..., Raising Arizona, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	My Dog Skip
2 Who is that directed by?	Jay Russell
3 I rate Charles Martin Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Dolphin Tale

1 I really like Batman Begins, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Truman Show, Love Actually, Caddyshack, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High. I'm looking for a Jason Lee movie.	Chasing Amy
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I prefer Bruce McCulloch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stealing Harvard

1 Cars, The Incredibles, Shooter, Remember the Titans, I, Robot, The Bucket List, and Finding Forrester are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a parliament movie.	Amazing Grace
2 What else is that about?	Michael Apted, parliament

1 I watched the films Mrs. Doubtfire, Apollo 13, Beauty and the Beast, Babe, Jurassic Park, The Lion King, and Much Ado About Nothing and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I like Chris Columbus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Adventures in Babysitting

1 I loved Cool Hand Luke, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Player, La Grande Illusion, Sleeper, and Clue. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I like Eddie Murphy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Best Defense

1 Juno, Pitch Perfect, Garden State, Up, Black Swan, Mean Girls, and Toy Story 3 are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Time Traveler's Wife
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Rachel McAdams, Eric Bana, Robert Schwentke
3 I prefer Kristen Bell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lifeguard

1 I liked Mississippi Burning, The Sixth Sense, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, L.A. Confidential, Pulp Fiction, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Alive
2 What else is that about?	japan, Prison
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Astro Boy

1 I really like American Psycho, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, Pan's Labyrinth, Edward Scissorhands, Mystic River, and Life Is Beautiful. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Zodiac
2 Who does that star?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Mark Ruffalo, Anthony Edwards
3 I rate Helen Morse movies. Any other suggestions?	Picnic at Hanging Rock

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Silence of the Lambs, The Grapes of Wrath, Being There, Body Heat, Rosemary's Baby, and North by Northwest are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Rookie
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, John Lee Hancock
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	BASEketball

1 Ed Wood, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Mars Attacks!, The Wizard of Oz, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Fisher King, and Fantasia are films I like. I'm looking for an Emir Kusturica movie.	Time of the Gypsies
2 What else is that about?	Gypsy, Emir Kusturica, kusturica, yugoslavia
3 I like coming of age movies more. Do you know anything else?	Do You Remember Dolly Bell?

1 Pulp Fiction, Ed Wood, Platoon, Menace II Society, Groundhog Day, Donnie Brasco, and Little Big Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Johnnie To movie.	The Mission
2 What else is that about?	Johnnie To
3 I rate hong kong movies. Any other suggestions?	Vengeance

1 Rocky V, The Commitments, The Dirty Dozen, Pulp Fiction, Wild Things, The Usual Suspects, and Pan's Labyrinth are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tom Green movie.	Freddy Got Fingered
2 What else is that about?	Tom Green

1 Oscar and Lucinda, Fallen, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, Trainspotting, I Heart Huckabees, American Beauty, and The Land Before Time are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Robert Wiene
3 I rate Bela Lugosi movies. Any other suggestions?	Son of Frankenstein

1 Match Point, Aliens, Blade Runner, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Memento, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Godfather are movies I love. I'm looking for a surveillance movie.	Body of Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Michael Radford movies. Any other suggestions?	Nineteen Eighty-Four

1 Toy Story 2, Dog Day Afternoon, The Blues Brothers, Galaxy Quest, Mulan, Little Voice, and An American Werewolf in London are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Midnight Express
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I prefer Sam Peckinpah movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Deadly Companions

1 Ghostbusters, Blade Runner, Annie Hall, Das Boot, Dogma, Taxi Driver, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	The Day the Earth Stood Still
2 Who does that star?	Patricia Neal, Hugh Marlowe, Michael Rennie
3 I like Kevin McCarthy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Invasion of the Body Snatchers

1 Erin Brockovich, Wedding Crashers, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Up, Pulp Fiction, Aladdin, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 Who is that directed by?	David Silverman
3 I like John Landis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trading Places

1 Pretty in Pink, The Postman Always Rings Twice, Back to the Future, Gone with the Wind, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Splash, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	An Officer and a Gentleman
2 Who does that star?	Richard Gere, Debra Winger
3 I prefer Marissa Ribisi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Some Girl

1 I watched the films Mr. Holland's Opus, Grumpier Old Men, Twister, The Substitute, Down Periscope, Harriet the Spy, and Father of the Bride Part II and loved them. I'm looking for a bugs bunny movie.	Space Jam
2 What else is that about?	bugs bunny

1 A Good Year, Schindler's List, Iron Man, Blood Diamond, The Kingdom, Battle of Britain, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Crimson Rivers
2 What else is that about?	French, Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I like Denzel Washington movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inside Man

1 Clear and Present Danger, Demolition Man, True Lies, Outbreak, Crimson Tide, The Fugitive, and The Net are films I love. I'm looking for a wormhole movie.	Stargate
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I rate Christopher Nolan movies. Any other suggestions?	Interstellar

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Die Hard, For a Few Dollars More, The Spy Who Loved Me, Gladiator, and Goldfinger are films I love. I'm looking for a John Glen movie.	Licence to Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	John Glen

1 Excess Baggage, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Tomorrow Never Dies, Boogie Nights, Chasing Amy, Contact, and Scream are movies I like. I'm looking for a Linda Hamilton movie.	Dante's Peak
2 Who does that star?	Pierce Brosnan, Linda Hamilton, Jamie Renée Smith, Jeremy Foley
3 I prefer Paul Winfield movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Terminator

1 Night Falls on Manhattan, Apollo 13, Fight Club, Smoke, Tin Cup, The Wrong Trousers, and Out of Sight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	Colors
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn
3 I prefer John Turturro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	State of Grace

1 Once Were Warriors, Rob Roy, Richard III, In the Name of the Father, The Shawshank Redemption, Muriel's Wedding, and Philadelphia are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer John Landis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	¡Three Amigos!

1 Shakespeare in Love, 48 Hrs., Edward Scissorhands, American Graffiti, The Game, A Room with a View, and The Birds are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Corruption movie.	Serpico
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Changeling

1 Mortal Kombat, Desperado, The Fugitive, Braveheart, Clear and Present Danger, Bad Boys, and Rumble in the Bronx are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Tim Roth movie.	Four Rooms
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell
3 I rate Tim Roth movies. Any other suggestions?	The War Zone

1 The Truman Show, Princess Mononoke, The Celebration, Citizen Kane, Amélie, The General, and The Fifth Element are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Once Upon a Time in the West
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I rate Stuart Millar movies. Any other suggestions?	Rooster Cogburn

1 I really like Live and Let Die, The Blues Brothers, Toy Story 2, Maverick, The Iron Giant, There's Something About Mary, and Back to the Future Part III. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	Patton
2 Who is that directed by?	Franklin J. Schaffner
3 I rate Kevin Costner movies. Any other suggestions?	Dances with Wolves

1 Mulholland Drive, Delicatessen, The Exorcist, Lost Highway, Magnolia, Eraserhead, and Toy Story 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a meditative movie.	Solaris
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, cinematography, psychological, slow, meditative, Russian, memories, sf, Andrei Tarkovsky, space station, conscience, tarkovsky
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Solaris

1 The Great Muppet Caper, Top Gun, Forrest Gump, Hoosiers, Sleepy Hollow, Highlander, and The Blair Witch Project are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Gettysburg
2 What else is that about?	civil war, american civil war, Martin Sheen
3 I prefer world war ii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tuskegee Airmen

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Taxi Driver, Casino, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, and Ed Wood are films I liked. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	Dead Man
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Western, Jim Jarmusch, Lance Henriksen, John Hurt, Iggy Pop
3 I like Faye Dunaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arizona Dream

1 I loved Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Sense and Sensibility, Beauty and the Beast, Hoop Dreams, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Persuasion. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Little Princess
2 Who does that star?	Liam Cunningham, Eleanor Bron, Liesel Matthews
3 I like Benedict Cumberbatch movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Imitation Game

1 Saving Private Ryan, Shakespeare in Love, The Wizard of Oz, A Christmas Story, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Matrix, and Deliverance are movies I like. I'm looking for an anthology movie.	Creepshow
2 Who is that directed by?	George A. Romero
3 I rate Roy Ward Baker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Vault of Horror

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Three Days of the Condor, Raising Arizona, Airplane!, Casino, Goodfellas, and Angel Heart are films I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Tampopo
2 What else is that about?	Japanese, Ken Watanabe, ramen, juzo itami
3 I rate Christoph Waltz movies. Any other suggestions?	Django Unchained

1 Denise Calls Up, Face/Off, A Close Shave, Fargo, La Haine, Toy Story, and Lone Star are films I really liked. I'm looking for a juzo itami movie.	The Funeral
2 What else is that about?	juzo itami
3 I rate japan movies. Any other suggestions?	A Taxing Woman

1 I love Arsenic and Old Lace, Elizabeth, High Noon, It's a Wonderful Life, Heathers, Gandhi, and Ben-Hur. I'm looking for a r movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta
3 I rate Efren Ramirez movies. Any other suggestions?	Crank

1 I loved Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, The Dark Knight, Secondhand Lions, Hook, American History X, The Matrix, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The 'Burbs
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, Joe Dante
3 I rate video game movies. Any other suggestions?	Super Mario Bros.

1 Donnie Darko, Dark City, Saving Private Ryan, Reservoir Dogs, Casablanca, The Blues Brothers, and 12 Angry Men are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, John Goodman, John Turturro, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I like Taika Waititi movies more. Do you know anything else?	What We Do in the Shadows

1 I love Awakenings, Field of Dreams, Rain Man, Sling Blade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Leaving Las Vegas, and Memento. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Great Santini
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis John Carlino
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Go, Life Is Beautiful, Castle in the Sky, This Film Is Not Yet Rated, Requiem for a Dream, Die Hard, and A Grand Day Out are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tom Skerritt movie.	Top Gun
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, Anthony Edwards, Kelly McGillis
3 I prefer Tom Skerritt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Other Sister

1 I love Finding Forrester, Patton, Chicken Run, It's a Wonderful Life, Pinocchio, Toy Story 2, and Miracle on 34th Street. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Airplane!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, parody, absurd, slapstick, disaster, funniest movies, Airport, Leslie Nielsen, flying, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker, Lloyd Bridges
3 I prefer homophobia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saved!

1 Cube, The Shawshank Redemption, Blade Runner, Fight Club, American History X, The Godfather, and RoboCop are movies I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, italy, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, spain, bad, f, spaghetti, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer library movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wild Bunch

1 I like Henry V, Das Boot, Blade Runner, Picnic at Hanging Rock, Witness, Fanny and Alexander, and Klute. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Days of Heaven
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, library, national film registry, ennio morricone, Richard Gere, Terrence Malick, Sam Shepard
3 I prefer Jamie Lee Curtis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Girl 2

1 I really liked Aladdin, Singin' in the Rain, The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, and Sleeping Beauty. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Christmas Carol
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Henson
3 I rate Susannah Grant movies. Any other suggestions?	Catch and Release

1 I loved The Fifth Element, The Bourne Supremacy, V for Vendetta, Ice Age, The Matrix, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a super-hero movie.	Batman Begins
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Michael Caine, Katie Holmes
3 I rate Ron Perlman movies. Any other suggestions?	Hellboy

1 I loved The Winslow Boy, Key Largo, Diner, Modern Times, An Affair to Remember, The Blues Brothers, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Carroll Ballard movie.	Never Cry Wolf
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Wilderness, Wolves, Brian Dennehy, Carroll Ballard
3 I prefer Jeff Daniels movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fly Away Home

1 The Godfather, Psycho, The Hustler, Annie Hall, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, The Pawnbroker, and Chinatown are movies I like. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	Things Change
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mamet
3 I like James Foley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Glengarry Glen Ross

1 The Big Lebowski, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Schindler's List, Brazil, 8½, Reservoir Dogs, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I loved. I'm looking for a cia movie.	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, cia, Charlie Kaufman, Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore, biographical
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Argo

1 I like Trainspotting, Dark City, Show Me Love, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Gold Rush, The Exorcist, and Delicatessen. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Visitor Q
2 What else is that about?	Takashi Miike
3 I prefer David Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Princess and the Pirate

1 The Dark Crystal, Casper, Men in Black II, The Devil Wears Prada, Donnie Darko, Shrek 2, and Little Miss Sunshine are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Death Becomes Her
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Meryl Streep, Isabella Rossellini, Goldie Hawn
3 I rate Ally Sheedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Maid to Order

1 The Fugitive, First Knight, Forrest Gump, Tombstone, Jurassic Park, Eraser, and In the Line of Fire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a harlin movie.	Cliffhanger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, mountains, Renny Harlin, John Lithgow, harlin
3 I like rock n' roll movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Ford Fairlane

1 I really like Casablanca, Singin' in the Rain, The Sound of Music, Lawrence of Arabia, Forrest Gump, City Lights, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I like curse movies more. Do you know anything else?	Drag Me to Hell

1 I liked You've Got Mail, The Matrix, The Player, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, Groundhog Day, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for an Oliver Reed movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I prefer superhero movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Condorman

1 Lost Highway, Mulholland Drive, Eyes Wide Shut, The Prestige, The Sixth Sense, The Thirteenth Floor, and The Shining are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	The Illusionist
2 What else is that about?	Magic, Edward Norton, Paul Giamatti, Jessica Biel, vienna, Neil Burger
3 I prefer Nick Nolte movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Spiderwick Chronicles

1 I love Pulp Fiction, The Madness of King George, Once Were Warriors, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Ed Wood, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Juliette Lewis movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer Ryan Phillippe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Way of the Gun

1 I liked The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, As Good as It Gets, Sleepy Hollow, Pulp Fiction, Big Fish, Moonrise Kingdom, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Corpse Bride
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Tim Burton, animated, Helena Bonham Carter, 2, Ring
3 I prefer King Kong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	King Kong

1 I like The Blair Witch Project, Judy Berlin, Being John Malkovich, Apocalypse Now, Boys Don't Cry, Hoop Dreams, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Return with Honor
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Sanders, Freida Lee Mock
3 I like Philippe Diaz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The End of Poverty?

1 Shine, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Goodfellas, City of God, American Beauty, Casablanca, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Fish Called Wanda
2 Who does that star?	John Cleese, Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Palin
3 I like Paul Bartel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eating Raoul

1 Sling Blade, American Beauty, The Blair Witch Project, Reservoir Dogs, What Lies Beneath, Dark City, and Austin Powers in Goldmember are films I really liked. I'm looking for a god movie.	Dogma
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I rate Carl Reiner movies. Any other suggestions?	Oh, God!

1 Sister Act, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Rugrats Movie, Mr. Mom, Patton, The Mighty Ducks, and The Blues Brothers are films I like. I'm looking for a Francis Ford Coppola movie.	Peggy Sue Got Married
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Francis Ford Coppola
3 I rate James Earl Jones movies. Any other suggestions?	Gardens of Stone

1 Memento, The Truman Show, Dark City, Big Fish, Inception, Princess Mononoke, and Into the Wild are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Skin I Live In
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas, Marisa Paredes, Elena Anaya, Jan Cornet
3 I like Tia Texada movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spartan

1 I really like Pinocchio, Philadelphia, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, Leaving Las Vegas, Showgirls, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	Nick of Time
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Christopher Walken, time, John Badham
3 I like Juliette Lewis movies more. Do you know anything else?	What's Eating Gilbert Grape

1 Saving Private Ryan, Jumanji, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, Excalibur, As Good as It Gets, and The Mask are films I love. I'm looking for a Michael Bay movie.	Armageddon
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Billy Bob Thornton, Liv Tyler
3 I like Shia LaBeouf movies more. Do you know anything else?	Transformers

1 I watched the films Saving Private Ryan, Office Space, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Swingers, Raising Arizona, The Piano, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and loved them. I'm looking for a Mike Newell movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Al Pacino, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby
3 I like Hugh Grant movies more. Do you know anything else?	Four Weddings and a Funeral

1 Get Shorty, GoldenEye, True Lies, The Fugitive, Natural Born Killers, The Usual Suspects, and Schindler's List are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Biehn movie.	Tombstone
2 Who is that directed by?	George P. Cosmatos, Kevin Jarre
3 I prefer Franc Roddam movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	K2

1 I like Pan's Labyrinth, Eraserhead, Punch-Drunk Love, The City of Lost Children, The Nightmare Before Christmas, I Heart Huckabees, and Persona. I'm looking for a gilliam movie.	Tideland
2 What else is that about?	Terry Gilliam, gilliam
3 I rate Sean Connery movies. Any other suggestions?	Time Bandits

1 I really liked Rushmore, Mulan, Planet of the Apes, From Russia with Love, Beauty and the Beast, The City of Lost Children, and Dirty Harry. I'm looking for a burton movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 What else is that about?	Tim Burton, burton
3 I prefer Freddie Highmore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory

1 Aparajito, Patton, Singin' in the Rain, Forrest Gump, Midnight Cowboy, The War of the Worlds, and Lifeboat are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Blue Angel
2 Who does that star?	Marlene Dietrich, Emil Jannings, Kurt Gerron
3 I like Edward Furlong movies more. Do you know anything else?	Animal Factory

1 I really like Reservoir Dogs, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Fantasia, Being There, Groundhog Day, The Maltese Falcon, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a French Film movie.	Delicatessen
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, apartment, jeunet
3 I rate gay movies. Any other suggestions?	Man at Bath

1 Braveheart, Gladiator, Almost Famous, There's Something About Mary, The Others, The Fifth Element, and Chasing Amy are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Traffic
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I like John Berry movies more. Do you know anything else?	He Ran All the Way

1 I love Double Indemnity, Tootsie, Forrest Gump, The Godfather, Saturday Night Fever, Inglourious Basterds, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Searching for Sugar Man
2 What else is that about?	Music, Documentary, south africa, sixto rodriguez
3 I like Mads Brügger movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ambassador

1 I loved Sin City, Amélie, The Princess Bride, Mary Poppins, Braveheart, V for Vendetta, and The Incredibles. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	UHF
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, weird, television, weird al, Michael Richards, Fran Drescher
3 I like Cheech Marin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Born in East L.A.

1 I love Persuasion, Clueless, The Madness of King George, Dances with Wolves, Priest, Beauty and the Beast, and Carlito's Way. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Double Happiness
2 Who is that directed by?	Mina Shum

1 As Good as It Gets, The Sixth Sense, Schindler's List, Carrie, Fatal Attraction, Play Misty for Me, and Pacific Heights are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Jonathan Mostow movie.	Breakdown
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Jonathan Mostow

1 Time Bandits, The Green Mile, Miracle on 34th Street, Erin Brockovich, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Godfather, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are films I liked. I'm looking for a script movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	original, science fiction, national film registry, script, Charlton Heston, Franklin J. Schaffner, Rod Serling
3 I prefer disaster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Independence Day

1 I liked Sleeper, Delicatessen, Pulp Fiction, Dune, The Usual Suspects, A Clockwork Orange, and Planet of the Apes. I'm looking for a children movie.	The City of Lost Children
2 Who does that star?	Ron Perlman
3 I rate Billy Crystal movies. Any other suggestions?	Monsters, Inc.

1 Vertigo, Pulp Fiction, Annie Hall, The Sting, The Godfather, Top Hat, and Casablanca are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Election
2 What else is that about?	hong kong, Johnnie To, triad
3 I like Lloyd Bacon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brother Orchid

1 Fight Club, Braveheart, American Beauty, James and the Giant Peach, Almost Famous, Happiness, and Donnie Brasco are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Swingers
2 Who is that directed by?	Doug Liman
3 I rate Gaspar Noé movies. Any other suggestions?	Enter the Void

1 American Pie 2, Super Troopers, The Bourne Ultimatum, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Gladiator, American Pie, and Rambo are films I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Fast and the Furious
2 Who does that star?	John Ireland, Dorothy Malone

1 Edward Scissorhands, Kinsey, Catch Me If You Can, Mr. Brooks, Red State, One Day, and Better Than Chocolate are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The World Unseen
2 Who does that star?	Lisa Ray, Sheetal Sheth
3 I like Gretchen Mol movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shape of Things

1 I liked The Nightmare Before Christmas, An American Werewolf in London, A Christmas Story, Platoon, Grosse Pointe Blank, A Bug's Life, and Misery. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Mad Max
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Mel Gibson, Australia, australian, George Miller
3 I like wedding movies more. Do you know anything else?	Muriel's Wedding

1 I watched the films Free Willy, Jumanji, Forrest Gump, Dolores Claiborne, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Rumble in the Bronx, and Mortal Kombat and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Hackers
2 What else is that about?	High School, cyberpunk, Angelina Jolie, Hackers, internet, hacker, Jonny Lee Miller
3 I prefer Michael Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rising Sun

1 I watched the films Billy Madison, Traffic, Happiness, Election, Ocean's Eleven, The Shawshank Redemption, and Fight Club and loved them. I'm looking for an economics movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate Ross Ashcroft movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Horsemen

1 City of God, Being John Malkovich, The Usual Suspects, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Almost Famous, Alien, and Seven Samurai are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, anime, japan, dvd, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, miyazaki, spirits, totoro, rural japan
3 I like Victor Fleming movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wizard of Oz

1 I really like The Wrong Trousers, Citizen Kane, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Dave, Cool Hand Luke, Victor Victoria, and Manhattan Murder Mystery. I'm looking for a John Cusack movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I like Woody Harrelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	2012

1 Young Frankenstein, The Wrong Trousers, Shall We Dance?, The Quiet Man, To Catch a Thief, Raging Bull, and Roman Holiday are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Sabrina
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I rate Peter Weir movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mosquito Coast

1 The Bourne Supremacy, Moneyball, Kick-Ass, Pineapple Express, 8 Mile, Slumdog Millionaire, and Kung Fu Hustle are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dave Foley movie.	A Bug's Life
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, story, Kevin Spacey, animated, computer animation, avi, Circus, pixar animation, bugs, John Lasseter, Dave Foley
3 I rate Uwe Boll movies. Any other suggestions?	Postal

1 I loved First Knight, True Lies, Philadelphia, Mortal Kombat, Sleepless in Seattle, Twister, and Broken Arrow. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Houseguest
2 Who is that directed by?	Randall Miller
3 I prefer Jeffrey Fine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cherry

1 I really liked Schindler's List, American Pie, Amélie, Blazing Saddles, Erin Brockovich, Fargo, and Alien. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Halloween
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, murder, national film registry, slasher, Halloween, John Carpenter, Jamie Lee Curtis, Donald Pleasence, michael myers
3 I like Crispin Glover movies more. Do you know anything else?	Simon Says

1 I like Liar Liar, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Apollo 13, Happy Gilmore, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Maverick, and A Bug's Life. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	A League of Their Own
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I rate Nora Ephron movies. Any other suggestions?	You've Got Mail

1 The City of Lost Children, Inherit the Wind, Witness, North by Northwest, The Matrix, Chicken Run, and Strictly Ballroom are films I really like. I'm looking for a Boys movie.	Lord of the Flies
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, library, island, Boys

1 I like A Beautiful Mind, Maverick, Monsters, Inc., Fracture, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Face/Off, and Sherlock Holmes. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Mike Newell, potter
3 I rate Peter MacNicol movies. Any other suggestions?	Dragonslayer

1 I watched the films Zombieland, Watchmen, The Incredibles, Iron Man, Howl's Moving Castle, Riddick, and Rise of the Planet of the Apes and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kung Fu Hustle
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Chow
3 I prefer Lionel Barrymore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	You Can't Take It With You

1 The Last Picture Show, Singin' in the Rain, Topsy-Turvy, The Ice Storm, Mister Roberts, Big Night, and Casablanca are films I like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Invasion of the Body Snatchers
2 Who does that star?	Kevin McCarthy, Dana Wynter
3 I rate Veronica Lake movies. Any other suggestions?	Sullivan's Travels

1 Beauty and the Beast, Hush, Cliffhanger, 102 Dalmatians, Toys, Gone Fishin', and Home Alone are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Simply Irresistible
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Tarlov
3 I like Arthur Hiller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taking Care of Business

1 Back to School, The Producers, Emma, Lifeboat, Citizen Kane, Miracle on 34th Street, and Sleeper are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I like Val Kilmer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Red Planet

1 V for Vendetta, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, The Prestige, Pi, Spider, Sherlock Holmes, and Dark City are films I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Corporation
2 What else is that about?	Documentary
3 I like scotland movies more. Do you know anything else?	You've Been Trumped

1 I really liked Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, The Silence of the Lambs, Annie Hall, Patton, Chinatown, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for a cerebral palsy movie.	My Left Foot
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Brazil, North by Northwest, Cold Comfort Farm, Annie Hall, Groundhog Day, and The Graduate are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Dead Man
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Western, Jim Jarmusch, Lance Henriksen, John Hurt, Iggy Pop
3 I prefer John Ford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wagon Master

1 I liked Clerks, The Princess Bride, The Sting, Memento, My Cousin Vinny, The Castle, and So I Married an Axe Murderer. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I rate James L. Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	As Good as It Gets

1 I like Toy Story, The Matrix, A Bug's Life, There's Something About Mary, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 Who does that star?	Jodie Foster, David Morse
3 I rate Naomi Watts movies. Any other suggestions?	The Impossible

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Clerks, Schindler's List, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like 2 movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miami Vice

1 The Patriot, Gremlins, The Fugitive, The Karate Kid, The Mighty, The Godfather, and The Wizard of Oz are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Deepa Mehta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Earth

1 Hot Fuzz, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Evil Dead II, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Halloween, The Muppet Christmas Carol, and Night of the Living Dead are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I prefer spielberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Color Purple

1 Toy Story 2, Chicken Run, Galaxy Quest, Fight Club, Cruel Intentions, Gladiator, and Ghostbusters are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Charlie's Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	McG
3 I like Enzo G. Castellari movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sinbad of the Seven Seas

1 Phenomenon, Rocky, The Royal Tenenbaums, Children of Men, Catch Me If You Can, Cool Hand Luke, and My Cousin Vinny are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Count of Monte Cristo
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Vernay
3 I like Jim Kohlberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Music Never Stopped

1 The Matrix, Happy Gilmore, A Civil Action, The Joy Luck Club, The Hunt for Red October, The Iron Giant, and A Time to Kill are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The General's Daughter
2 What else is that about?	John Travolta, Simon West
3 I rate Romance movies. Any other suggestions?	Charade

1 Toy Story, Good Will Hunting, Sideways, Being John Malkovich, The Lion King, Apollo 13, and The Truman Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	The Natural
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Robert Redford, Glenn Close, Kim Basinger
3 I rate Brad Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	Spy Game

1 Crimson Tide, Cliffhanger, Pulp Fiction, and True Lies are films I really liked. I'm looking for a disease movie.	Outbreak
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, military, disease, Wolfgang Petersen
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Contagion

1 The Killing, Paths of Glory, Memento, A Clockwork Orange, Young Frankenstein, Once Upon a Time in America, and King Kong are films I like. I'm looking for a mummy movie.	Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy
2 What else is that about?	mummy
3 I prefer Rachel Weisz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mummy

1 The Commitments, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Fish Called Wanda, The Sixth Sense, The Terminator, Swimming with Sharks, and The Adventures of Baron Munchausen are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Robert Zemeckis, Kathleen Turner
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Only Two Can Play

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, To Kill a Mockingbird, Some Like It Hot, Spellbound, Saving Private Ryan, Cinema Paradiso, and 12 Angry Men. I'm looking for a Shekhar Kapur movie.	Bandit Queen
2 Who does that star?	Seema Biswas
3 I rate Joseph Fiennes movies. Any other suggestions?	Elizabeth

1 I loved Arsenic and Old Lace, Jurassic Park, Gone with the Wind, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Wizard of Oz, Run Lola Run, and Once Were Warriors. I'm looking for a futuristic movie.	Sleeper
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Neil Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Doomsday

1 The American President, Men in Black, Grumpy Old Men, First Knight, An Officer and a Gentleman, Pay It Forward, and The Pelican Brief are films I loved. I'm looking for a Josh Lucas movie.	Sweet Home Alabama
2 Who is that directed by?	Andy Tennant
3 I rate Michael Goldbach movies. Any other suggestions?	Daydream Nation

1 Stargate, Beauty and the Beast, Mrs. Doubtfire, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, Speed, and The Mask are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I prefer Roland Emmerich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Independence Day

1 Soylent Green, The Island of Dr. Moreau, Fargo, Hackers, The Departed, Lost Highway, and A Clockwork Orange are films I really like. I'm looking for an Emilio Estevez movie.	Repo Man
2 What else is that about?	cult film, los angeles, Emilio Estevez, Alex Cox
3 I prefer Martin Sheen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Way

1 Die Hard, Braveheart, Back to the Future, Jerry Maguire, The Last Samurai, Amistad, and The Fugitive are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Tigerland
2 What else is that about?	vietnam war, Colin Farrell, louisiana
3 I rate martial arts movies. Any other suggestions?	The Karate Kid

1 True Lies, Broken Arrow, Escape from L.A., The Fugitive, Batman Forever, Cliffhanger, and The Rock are films I liked. I'm looking for a cult movie.	The Frighteners
2 What else is that about?	ghosts, supernatural, Peter Jackson, Michael J. Fox, cult
3 I like swords movies more. Do you know anything else?	Conan the Barbarian

1 I loved Ferris Bueller's Day Off, When Harry Met Sally..., Die Hard, Schindler's List, Meet the Parents, The Silence of the Lambs, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Lisa Cholodenko movie.	High Art
2 Who is that directed by?	Lisa Cholodenko

1 Almost Famous, American Beauty, The Princess Bride, America's Sweethearts, Bringing Up Baby, Gladiator, and Bad Santa are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Away We Go
2 What else is that about?	r, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Jeff Daniels, Sam Mendes, Maya Rudolph, Catherine O'Hara, John Krasinski
3 I prefer Italian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	La Dolce Vita

1 Stripes, Fantasia, The Birds, The Philadelphia Story, Citizen Kane, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Casablanca are films I really like. I'm looking for a Nick Park movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I rate Peter Lord movies. Any other suggestions?	Chicken Run

1 I like The Patriot, Save the Last Dance, Cruel Intentions, Pretty Woman, Titanic, You've Got Mail, and Catch Me If You Can. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Varsity Blues
2 What else is that about?	High School, sports, football, Texas
3 I prefer Sean Penn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Indian Runner

1 I really like Django Unchained, Basic Instinct, The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, Zombieland, and Lake Placid. I'm looking for an Amy Adams movie.	The Fighter
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Mark Wahlberg, Amy Adams, Melissa Leo
3 I rate Meryl Streep movies. Any other suggestions?	Doubt

1 The Arrival, Anne Frank Remembered, Independence Day, Sling Blade, Sabrina, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The Hunchback of Notre Dame are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Billy Zane movie.	The Phantom
2 What else is that about?	Simon Wincer, Billy Zane
3 I rate Nicole Kidman movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Calm

1 I like Trainspotting, Fargo, The Great Escape, Goldfinger, From Russia with Love, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a War movie.	Stripes
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I rate Ken Loach movies. Any other suggestions?	Land and Freedom

1 I really liked To Kill a Mockingbird, Serenity, My Fair Lady, The King and I, Free Willy, Bed of Roses, and The Wedding Planner. I'm looking for a president movie.	First Daughter
2 Who is that directed by?	Forest Whitaker
3 I like Oliver Stone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nixon

1 Forrest Gump, Edward Scissorhands, The Wizard of Oz, Up, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Home Alone, and The Bourne Identity are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Black Swan
2 Who does that star?	Natalie Portman, Mila Kunis, Vincent Cassel
3 I rate Rachel Roberts movies. Any other suggestions?	Foul Play

1 I like The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, The Shawshank Redemption, GoldenEye, The Matrix, Lethal Weapon, and Django Unchained. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Fellow Americans
2 What else is that about?	Dan Aykroyd, Jack Lemmon, James Garner
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Onion Movie

1 Gladiator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Titanic, Les Misérables, In the Bedroom, Fatal Attraction, and Beverly Hills Cop are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Bone Collector
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I prefer Roger Avary movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killing Zoe

1 I liked Doctor Zhivago, Jaws, The Usual Suspects, Ghostbusters, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Producers, and Rear Window. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Evil Dead II
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi
3 I rate Keanu Reeves movies. Any other suggestions?	The Replacements

1 Tell No One, X-Men, The Maltese Falcon, Lucky Number Slevin, The Intouchables, The Green Mile, and Lord of War are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jake Gyllenhaal movie.	Jarhead
2 Who does that star?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, Peter Sarsgaard
3 I prefer Bill Paxton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nightcrawler

1 Gods and Monsters, There Will Be Blood, The Pirate, Roman Holiday, Beginners, The Lion in Winter, and Fantasia are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Ulysses
2 What else is that about?	Homer
3 I prefer Anne Hathaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Other Side of Heaven

1 I loved The Big Sleep, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Undercover Brother, Saboteur, Children of Paradise, Mulholland Drive, and Devil in a Blue Dress. I'm looking for an Elaine Cassidy movie.	Felicia's Journey
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan
3 I rate Kirsten Sheridan movies. Any other suggestions?	Disco Pigs

1 MASH, L.A. Confidential, Wag the Dog, Election, Donnie Brasco, The Shawshank Redemption, and Annie Hall are films I really like. I'm looking for a Robert Altman movie.	The Player
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins
3 I like Glenn Close movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cookie's Fortune

1 Memento, Idiocracy, Rosemary's Baby, Hot Tub Time Machine, The City of Lost Children, Primer, and The Crazies are films I really liked. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	28 Weeks Later
2 What else is that about?	sequel
3 I rate found footage movies. Any other suggestions?	Grave Encounters 2

1 Blade Runner, Hard Boiled, The Dead Zone, RoboCop, Taxi Driver, Wild Strawberries, and The General are films I love. I'm looking for an iceland movie.	Cold Fever
2 Who is that directed by?	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
3 I like Christopher Nolan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Batman Begins

1 Sense and Sensibility, Dances with Wolves, Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Nell, and Broken Arrow are movies I like. I'm looking for a Frank Marshall movie.	Congo
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall

1 I like The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Patriot Games, Tin Cup, Contact, and 10 Things I Hate About You. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	No Man's Land
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Werner
3 I prefer Julian Gilbey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rise of the Footsoldier

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Nobody's Fool, Wings of Desire, Rocky, Apocalypse Now, Bicycle Thieves, and Punch-Drunk Love are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Bounty
2 Who is that directed by?	Roger Donaldson
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Comancheros

1 Mulholland Falls, Independence Day, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Island of Dr. Moreau, Grumpier Old Men, A Time to Kill, and Courage Under Fire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	The Quest
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Roger Moore
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rush Hour 2

1 The Sandlot, A Few Good Men, The Shining, Manhattan, Goodfellas, The Birds, and Ghostbusters are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I prefer Harry Connick Jr. movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Memphis Belle

1 Kingpin, Fierce Creatures, The Insider, The Blair Witch Project, Killing Zoe, Blade Runner, and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome are movies I like. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Outland
2 What else is that about?	space, Western, Sean Connery, space western
3 I prefer disney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Darby O'Gill and the Little People

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Gandhi, Fantasia, The Killing Fields, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Last of the Mohicans, and The Wild Bunch are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Name of the Rose
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery, medieval, book, Christian Slater, eco, Umberto Eco
3 I prefer John Candy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Who's Harry Crumb?

1 I loved Jurassic Park, Clueless, The Mask, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, Batman, and GoldenEye. I'm looking for a Nicole Kidman movie.	Batman Forever
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Tommy Lee Jones, Nicole Kidman, Val Kilmer
3 I rate Loren Dean movies. Any other suggestions?	Billy Bathgate

1 I liked Desperado, Toy Story 2, Days of Thunder, My Cousin Vinny, Drop Dead Fred, Tarzan, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, story, Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, photography, civil war, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Italian, american civil war, gunfight, Gold, hanging, Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer Tommy Lee Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada

1 Alien, Ghostbusters, The Mosquito Coast, Dangerous Liaisons, Being John Malkovich, Gandhi, and Little Voice are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pink Flamingos
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, John Waters, Divine
3 I like military movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Was a Male War Bride

1 Gladiator, 12 Angry Men, North by Northwest, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Papillon, Saving Private Ryan, and L.A. Confidential are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Producers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Kenneth Mars, Zero Mostel, Dick Shawn
3 I prefer Claire Trevor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stagecoach

1 Boogie Nights, Das Boot, Sling Blade, Goodfellas, The Fugitive, Private Parts, and Speed are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gary Sinise movie.	Ransom
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate Robert Zemeckis movies. Any other suggestions?	Forrest Gump

1 I liked Toy Story, Clerks, Pulp Fiction, Natural Born Killers, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shallow Grave
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, criterion, dark, Crime, directorial debut, Ewan McGregor, Danny Boyle
3 I rate Samuel L. Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	Freedomland

1 All About My Mother, A Christmas Story, Big Fish, Donnie Darko, Lost in Translation, Heavenly Creatures, and Chinatown are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Monster
2 What else is that about?	Drama, serial killer, Crime, murder, Charlize Theron, Christina Ricci, 90s
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Secret Six

1 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Quiz Show, When Harry Met Sally..., A River Runs Through It, It Happened One Night, Erin Brockovich, and Young Frankenstein are films I loved. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Anne Frank Remembered
2 Who does that star?	Glenn Close, Kenneth Branagh, Anne Frank
3 I rate Natalie Portman movies. Any other suggestions?	Thor

1 Heavy Metal, Fahrenheit 9/11, Malcolm X, Sneakers, Cocoon, Spirited Away, and Tin Cup are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Insomnia
2 What else is that about?	murder, Police
3 I like Janet Leigh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Touch of Evil

1 I watched the films Malcolm X, The Bourne Ultimatum, Life Is Beautiful, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Men in Black, and Gone Girl and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Side Effects
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Jude Law, Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer Hayley Mills movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	That Darn Cat!

1 The Seventh Seal, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, The Deer Hunter, Seven Samurai, Persona, Scarface, and Airplane! are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mon Oncle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, light, Jacques Tati, modern, uncle
3 I prefer Federico Fellini movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Juliet of the Spirits

1 Taxi Driver, A Clockwork Orange, The Lion King, The Godfather, American Beauty, Requiem for a Dream, and Good Will Hunting are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lost in Translation
2 Who is that directed by?	Sofia Coppola
3 I prefer Vittorio De Sica movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Brief Vacation

1 Back to the Future Part II, Cast Away, The Green Mile, Forrest Gump, Toy Story, Contact, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Alejandro Amenábar movie.	The Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Amenábar

1 I like Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, Life Is Beautiful, Blade Runner, La Femme Nikita, Reservoir Dogs, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Demolition Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes, Marco Brambilla
3 I like Sidney Lumet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gloria

1 Rob Roy, Heat, Dune, Total Recall, While You Were Sleeping, Sleepless in Seattle, and Eraser are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Columbus movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I prefer harry potter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets

1 Breaking Away, You Can Count on Me, My Own Private Idaho, The Apartment, Limbo, The Royal Tenenbaums, and The Last Picture Show are movies I loved. I'm looking for a mockumentary movie.	Take the Money and Run
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, mockumentary
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	What We Do in the Shadows

1 Evolution, Boiler Room, Shrek, Lost in Space, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Jurassic Park, and Die Hard are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Big Trouble in Little China
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Kurt Russell, John Carpenter, Kim Cattrall
3 I rate Johnnie To movies. Any other suggestions?	Breaking News

1 The Triplets of Belleville, Men in Black, Napoleon Dynamite, The Matrix, Die Hard 2, The Breakfast Club, and The Whole Nine Yards are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jay Roach movie.	Meet the Parents
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Jay Roach, Teri Polo
3 I prefer Seth Green movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Austin Powers in Goldmember

1 I watched the films Moonstruck, The Shawshank Redemption, Circle of Friends, The Game, Dancer in the Dark, Raging Bull, and Miller's Crossing and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The King of Comedy
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, Jerry Lewis
3 I like Lawrence Kasdan movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Love You to Death

1 Braveheart, Airplane!, The Breakfast Club, The Man Without a Face, The Godfather, Dances with Wolves, and Man on Fire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Secrets movie.	The Falcon and the Snowman
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Timothy Hutton
3 I rate Evan Rachel Wood movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Secrets

1 Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Jurassic Park, and The Fugitive are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I like Philippe Lacheau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Babysitting

1 Donnie Brasco, Casino, Reservoir Dogs, Big Fish, Memento, Carlito's Way, and Schindler's List are films I love. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert De Niro
3 I rate Rodrigo Cortés movies. Any other suggestions?	Red Lights

1 Schindler's List, The Usual Suspects, and The Godfather are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dolores Claiborne
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Stephen King, Kathy Bates, Taylor Hackford
3 I prefer teen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flipped

1 I liked Full Metal Jacket, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Blues Brothers, A Clockwork Orange, and Spirited Away. I'm looking for a miyazaki movie.	Porco Rosso
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki

1 I like Mary Poppins, Dial M for Murder, Some Like It Hot, All About Eve, Cinderella, The Hudsucker Proxy, and The Women. I'm looking for a Martin Landau movie.	Ed Wood
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Patricia Arquette, Sarah Jessica Parker, Martin Landau
3 I rate Bob Balaban movies. Any other suggestions?	The Majestic

1 Surrogates, Underworld, Shrek, City of Ember, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Inception, and Queen of the Damned are films I like. I'm looking for a marvel movie.	Ghost Rider
2 What else is that about?	Nicolas Cage, marvel, Eva Mendes, Peter Fonda, Mark Steven Johnson
3 I like California movies more. Do you know anything else?	Iron Man

1 I like Rudy, The Shining, The Silence of the Lambs, The Lion King, Braveheart, Cast Away, and The American President. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Richard Gere, Jason Alexander, Ralph Bellamy
3 I prefer Amanda Bearse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fright Night

1 Misery, The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Go, Goodfellas, A Close Shave, and Blue Velvet are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	25th Hour
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I prefer Larisa Shepitko movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wings

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wizard of Oz, Romancing the Stone, Nosferatu, Bambi, The Return of the Pink Panther, and Doctor Dolittle are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Three Caballeros
2 Who does that star?	Aurora Miranda, Dora Luz, Carmen Molina
3 I prefer Eddie Izzard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wild

1 Private Parts, The Firm, Face/Off, Aladdin, Swimming with Sharks, Leaving Las Vegas, and Murder at 1600 are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Edward James Olmos movie.	Selena
2 What else is that about?	Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer True Story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stand and Deliver

1 Sid and Nancy, Six Degrees of Separation, Waiting for Guffman, Up in Smoke, Croupier, Vertigo, and The Gods Must Be Crazy are films I love. I'm looking for a Louis C.K. movie.	Pootie Tang
2 What else is that about?	Louis C.K.
3 I rate Jennifer Garner movies. Any other suggestions?	The Invention of Lying

1 I love Annie Hall, The Tin Drum, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Man Who Wasn't There, Spirited Away, Black Cat, White Cat, and Super Troopers. I'm looking for a Cate Blanchett movie.	Heaven
2 What else is that about?	r, Cate Blanchett, Tom Tykwer, Giovanni Ribisi
3 I prefer assassin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hanna

1 The Wild Bunch, The Hustler, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Das Boot, The Godfather, Chinatown, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	The Terminator
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer Xavier Gens movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hitman

1 Pulp Fiction, The Rock, Get Shorty, The Shawshank Redemption, True Lies, Jurassic Park, and Braveheart are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Toy Story
2 Who is that directed by?	John Lasseter
3 I prefer Robert Parrish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fire Down Below

1 Spider-Man, Taxi Driver, Monster, Groundhog Day, Stand by Me, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Rocky are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Transporter
2 Who is that directed by?	Louis Leterrier, Corey Yuen
3 I prefer Nimród Antal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Armored

1 I liked Burnt by the Sun, To Kill a Mockingbird, Raise the Red Lantern, Hoop Dreams, Shadowlands, Rear Window, and La Haine. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	M. Butterfly
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg
3 I prefer Richard Brooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof

1 Big Fish, Lord of the Flies, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, Secondhand Lions, Lost Highway, Kick-Ass, and Blow are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 Who does that star?	Gary Cooper
3 I like Tony Randall movies more. Do you know anything else?	7 Faces of Dr. Lao

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Pulp Fiction, Clerks, Reservoir Dogs, A Close Shave, Get Shorty, and Mars Attacks! are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stalingrad
2 Who is that directed by?	Fedor Bondarchuk
3 I prefer Peter Duncan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Unfinished Sky

1 The Lion King, Memento, Forrest Gump, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	The Last Samurai
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I like Barry Levinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rain Man

1 Gladiator, When Harry Met Sally..., Ocean's Eleven, Good Will Hunting, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Wedding Crashers, and Remember the Titans are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Town
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Affleck
3 I prefer Malcolm Venville movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Henry's Crime

1 Where Eagles Dare, No Country for Old Men, The Matrix, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, The Blues Brothers, Highlander, and L.A. Confidential are movies I love. I'm looking for a Roald Dahl movie.	You Only Live Twice
2 What else is that about?	space, japan, james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Roald Dahl, Lewis Gilbert
3 I like witch movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Witches

1 I liked Brassed Off, Gattaca, As Good as It Gets, The Full Monty, Babe, Blade Runner, and The Castle. I'm looking for an emotional movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, emotional, spielberg, stranded, Drew Barrymore, e.t.
3 I prefer sequel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

1 About Schmidt, Some Like It Hot, Being There, American Beauty, Breaking the Waves, Nashville, and Singin' in the Rain are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	The Sweet Hereafter
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan

1 The Color Purple, 12 Angry Men, Girl, Interrupted, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, West Side Story, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Glory are films I love. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	White Christmas
2 What else is that about?	christmas, vistavision, Michael Curtiz, Danny Kaye, Bing Crosby
3 I prefer Blake Edwards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Victor Victoria

1 It Happened One Night, The Apartment, Reservoir Dogs, The Sting, Cool Hand Luke, Notorious, and The Terminator are movies I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Force of Evil
2 What else is that about?	national film registry
3 I like best picture movies more. Do you know anything else?	Unforgiven

1 Cliffhanger, Pulp Fiction, Outbreak, The Bridges of Madison County, The Shawshank Redemption, Aladdin, and Murder in the First are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	All Dogs Go to Heaven 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Sabella, Larry Leker
3 I rate William A. Wellman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Call of the Wild

1 American Beauty, Shakespeare in Love, Gattaca, A Clockwork Orange, Clerks, The Matrix, and Brazil are films I really liked. I'm looking for a William Dieterle movie.	Dark City
2 What else is that about?	William Dieterle
3 I prefer Walter Huston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil and Daniel Webster

1 Shine, The Shawshank Redemption, Trainspotting, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Pulp Fiction, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Princess Bride
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, Fantasy, original, fairy tale, Fun, cult, Princess, Rob Reiner, Peter Falk, bride, William Goldman
3 I like Bob Hope movies more. Do you know anything else?	Casanova's Big Night

1 I like French Kiss, The Silence of the Lambs, Nell, and Get Shorty. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Forget Paris
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Crystal
3 I like Greydon Clark movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joysticks

1 I loved Serial Mom, Psycho, Army of Darkness, MASH, Shallow Grave, Some Like It Hot, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, screwball comedy, Cary Grant, Howard Hawks, screwball, Katharine Hepburn
3 I rate Terrence Malick movies. Any other suggestions?	Badlands

1 The Siege, Scarface, American Pie, There's Something About Mary, Casualties of War, American History X, and Waiting to Exhale are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Hunger
2 Who does that star?	Susan Sarandon, Catherine Deneuve, David Bowie
3 I rate Kevin Bacon movies. Any other suggestions?	Stir of Echoes

1 I really liked Sling Blade, The Spanish Prisoner, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, Good Will Hunting, The Remains of the Day, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer, Texas Pop. 81
2 Who does that star?	Breckin Meyer, Ethan Embry, Peter Facinelli, Eddie Mills
3 I like Julie Carmen movies more. Do you know anything else?	King of the Jungle

1 Doctor Zhivago, 10 Things I Hate About You, Superman, Psycho, The Matrix, Peggy Sue Got Married, and King Kong are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	How I Won the War
2 Who does that star?	Roy Kinnear, John Lennon, Michael Crawford, Lee Montague
3 I prefer Carole Bouquet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lucie Aubrac

1 Quadrophenia, Walk the Line, Batman Begins, Toy Story 2, Cool Runnings, Ratatouille, and Dead Poets Society are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Franz Kafka movie.	The Castle
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Haneke
3 I rate Orson Welles movies. Any other suggestions?	The Trial

1 The Secret of Roan Inish, The Remains of the Day, Schindler's List, Cold Comfort Farm, Shadowlands, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a lions movie.	The Ghost and the Darkness
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Hopkins
3 I prefer Roger Allers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lion King

1 I really like Grand Canyon, Sleeper, Fargo, 2010, A Simple Plan, The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp, and Topsy-Turvy. I'm looking for a War movie.	A Farewell to Arms
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Vidor
3 I rate Andrew Marton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Longest Day

1 The Princess Bride, The Jerk, Blade Runner, Aliens, Mad Max, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Heathers
2 Who does that star?	Winona Ryder, Christian Slater
3 I prefer Franchot Tone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dancing Lady

1 On Her Majesty's Secret Service, There's Something About Mary, The Royal Tenenbaums, Save the Last Dance, Meet the Parents, Goldfinger, and For Your Eyes Only are movies I liked. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	The World Is Not Enough
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Apted
3 I prefer Bruce Beresford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Contract

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Unforgiven, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, American History X, The Shawshank Redemption, Shaun of the Dead, and Pulp Fiction are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Tim Roth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Arbitrage

1 The Little Mermaid, Tarzan, Monsters, Inc., The Untouchables, Sense and Sensibility, To Be or Not to Be, and Galaxy Quest are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Wordplay
2 What else is that about?	Documentary
3 I like Michael Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fahrenheit 9/11

1 I really liked The Silence of the Lambs, Alien, Jaws, Memento, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Touching the Void
2 What else is that about?	survival, 3, peru, Kevin Macdonald
3 I rate health movies. Any other suggestions?	Super Size Me

1 Raising Arizona, Pump Up the Volume, The Shawshank Redemption, Aliens, Fantasia, Forrest Gump, and The Crow are films I love. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	Blade Runner
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, cult film, r, Police, future, Harrison Ford, library, national film registry, Philip K. Dick, los angeles, Ridley Scott, androids, noir, visual, 2, Rutger Hauer, dystopian, Edward James Olmos, director's cut, Sean Young, Android
3 I rate Andrew Garfield movies. Any other suggestions?	Never Let Me Go

1 Titanic, Runaway Bride, Toy Story 2, A Bug's Life, My Best Friend's Wedding, and The Wedding Singer are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Prince of Egypt
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, animated, biblical, dreamworks, Ralph Fiennes, Steve Martin, egypt, Michelle Pfeiffer, hans zimmer, Martin Short, Prince, moses
3 I rate venice movies. Any other suggestions?	Death in Venice

1 Modern Times, Blade Runner, The Big Lebowski, My Neighbor Totoro, Princess Mononoke, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, and Raising Arizona are movies I loved. I'm looking for a space movie.	Forbidden Planet
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, science fiction, shakespeare, Leslie Nielsen
3 I prefer Love movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fountain

1 I liked Incendies, Boogie Nights, Time of the Gypsies, C.R.A.Z.Y., Noi the Albino, La Notte, and A Scanner Darkly. I'm looking for an Akira Kurosawa movie.	Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Dreams, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, Life
3 I prefer Police movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High and Low

1 I really liked The Ring, The Italian Job, Hot Shots!, My Neighbor Totoro, Top Gun, Spirited Away, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a spy thriller movie.	Ronin
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Robert De Niro, car chase, Jean Reno, chase, David Mamet, spy thriller, John Frankenheimer
3 I rate amnesia movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Ultimatum

1 The Godfather, Jaws, Casablanca, Ben-Hur, Psycho, Gladiator, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	West Side Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise, Jerome Robbins
3 I rate Lars von Trier movies. Any other suggestions?	Dancer in the Dark

1 I love Die Hard, Disclosure, Breakdown, Entrapment, Broken Arrow, Conspiracy Theory, and Copycat. I'm looking for a slasher movie.	I Still Know What You Did Last Summer
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Cannon
3 I like Alexandre Aja movies more. Do you know anything else?	High Tension

1 The Dark Crystal, Requiem for a Dream, Heathers, Total Recall, Blade Runner, The Terminator, and Pi are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Trick
2 What else is that about?	gay
3 I like Family movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harry and the Hendersons

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Princess Bride, Princess Mononoke, The Matrix, Braveheart, Armageddon, and A Bug's Life are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Mulan
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Musical, animated, china, Eddie Murphy, Chinese, disney renaissance, ok, Walt Disney
3 I like Simon Wells movies more. Do you know anything else?	Balto

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, Out of Sight, The Lady Eve, Brazil, Barry Lyndon, The Third Man, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The In-Laws
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Arthur Hiller
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thing from Another World

1 Man on the Moon, Brazil, The Godfather, Titanic, Being John Malkovich, American Beauty, and Fanny and Alexander are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Thin Red Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rambo

1 I like Misery, Oldboy, The Shawshank Redemption, Lost in Translation, The Producers, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Boondock Saints. I'm looking for a Sharon Stone movie.	Total Recall
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Philip K. Dick, arnold, Paul Verhoeven, Sharon Stone, jerry goldsmith
3 I prefer sequel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold

1 I liked Goodfellas, As Good as It Gets, Contact, Rushmore, Shine, Blade Runner, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Joseph Ruben movie.	Return to Paradise
2 Who is that directed by?	Joseph Ruben

1 Full Metal Jacket, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Philadelphia, The Godfather, The Departed, American Beauty, and The Usual Suspects are films I really like. I'm looking for a Ben Kingsley movie.	Sexy Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Glazer
3 I like Thom Eberhardt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Without a Clue

1 The Big Lebowski, Fargo, The Year of Living Dangerously, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Spirited Away, Unforgiven, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Great Santini
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Blythe Danner, Michael O'Keefe, Lisa Jane Persky
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story 2, Return to Me, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Aliens, Erin Brockovich, and Singin' in the Rain and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Whole Nine Yards
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bruce Willis, Matthew Perry, Amanda Peet, Jonathan Lynn
3 I rate George Roy Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	The World According to Garp

1 Shrek 2, Red Dragon, The Jacket, Sleepy Hollow, Beauty and the Beast, Flipper, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Duplex
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, Drew Barrymore, Danny DeVito
3 I like John Dahl movies more. Do you know anything else?	You Kill Me

1 Some Like It Hot, Tootsie, Manhattan, Seven Samurai, Braveheart, Das Boot, and Apocalypse Now are films I love. I'm looking for a Nora Roberts movie.	High Noon
2 Who does that star?	Emilie de Ravin, Ivan Sergei
3 I rate Heather Locklear movies. Any other suggestions?	Angels Fall

1 Two Family House, Love and Death, Far from Heaven, You Can't Take It With You, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Frenzy, and The Wizard of Oz are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Alfie
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Lewis Gilbert
3 I rate Werner Herzog movies. Any other suggestions?	Invincible

1 The Remains of the Day, Jerry Maguire, Evita, Phenomenon, The Bridges of Madison County, Powder, and The First Wives Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	How to Make an American Quilt
2 Who is that directed by?	Jocelyn Moorhouse

1 Trainspotting, The Brothers McMullen, Taxi Driver, Fargo, Shallow Grave, The Graduate, and Romper Stomper are films I like. I'm looking for a Love movie.	Breaking the Waves
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I rate Pedro Almodóvar movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Education

1 I liked Primary Colors, A Christmas Story, A River Runs Through It, The Terminator, Spaceballs, Apollo 13, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a John Landis movie.	Animal House
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, national film registry, College, Kevin Bacon, national lampoon, fraternity, John Landis, John Belushi
3 I prefer George Lazenby movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kentucky Fried Movie

1 I like Brazil, Chasing Amy, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Glory, and Batman. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	Princess Mononoke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Drama, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, Japanese, miyazaki, forest, Princess, gods, historical fantasy
3 I prefer Macbeth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Throne of Blood

1 Black Swan, Being John Malkovich, Fight Club, Solaris, Get Him to the Greek, Equilibrium, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	John Dies at the End
2 What else is that about?	Comedy
3 I rate dreamworks animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Antz

1 MASH, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, The Opposite of Sex, The Big Sleep, Frankenstein, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, and A Night at the Opera are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Gold
3 I rate island movies. Any other suggestions?	Return to the Blue Lagoon

1 I liked Being There, As Good as It Gets, The Wizard of Oz, Man on the Moon, Fantasia, Fallen, and Victor Victoria. I'm looking for a War movie.	Coming Home
2 What else is that about?	vietnam, Jane Fonda, Hal Ashby, Coming Home
3 I rate zhang yimou movies. Any other suggestions?	The Flowers of War

1 I watched the films Shakespeare in Love, The Graduate, Dances with Wolves, Doctor Zhivago, The Thin Man, Vertigo, and Wag the Dog and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sabrina
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, Harrison Ford, Greg Kinnear, Julia Ormond
3 I rate Prison movies. Any other suggestions?	San Quentin

1 A Streetcar Named Desire, La Grande Illusion, A Clockwork Orange, North by Northwest, The Deer Hunter, The Conformist, and Mildred Pierce are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Song of Bernadette
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry King
3 I rate Karel Reisz movies. Any other suggestions?	Saturday Night and Sunday Morning

1 I like The Prestige, Let the Right One In, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Changeling, Fight Club, Inglourious Basterds, and Shutter Island. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	Carandiru
2 What else is that about?	Prison, latin america, Brazil, Hector Babenco
3 I prefer Sean Penn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead Man Walking

1 Microcosmos, Toy Story, Misery, The Thin Red Line, The Celluloid Closet, Go, and Monsters, Inc. are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I prefer René Féret movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mozart's Sister

1 The Time Traveler's Wife, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Gone with the Wind, The Shawshank Redemption, White Christmas, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Sherlock Holmes are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sidney Poitier movie.	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
2 What else is that about?	Sidney Poitier, Spencer Tracy, Stanley Kramer, interracial marriage
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bedford Incident

1 Dogma, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Waking Life, Dances with Wolves, Heavy Metal, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and The Others are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	Love Me If You Dare
2 What else is that about?	French
3 I like French Film movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coup de tête

1 His Girl Friday, Lost in Translation, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, It Happened One Night, The Maltese Falcon, Mansfield Park, and Monsoon Wedding are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Big Kahuna
2 Who is that directed by?	John Swanbeck
3 I like Takashi Miike movies more. Do you know anything else?	Visitor Q

1 Die Hard, True Romance, The Terminator, Braveheart, Highlander, Ronin, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers
3 I rate Michael Paré movies. Any other suggestions?	Moon 44

1 Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Chinatown, Being John Malkovich, Taxi Driver, Annie Hall, and Das Boot are films I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Musical, Tim Burton, Roald Dahl, Henry Selick
3 I prefer japan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya

1 The Lion in Winter, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Beetlejuice, The Wizard of Oz, Annie, Labyrinth, and Princess Mononoke are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Incredible Shrinking Woman
2 What else is that about?	Richard Matheson, matheson, Lily Tomlin
3 I rate Anne Hathaway movies. Any other suggestions?	Get Smart

1 Shaolin Soccer, Rushmore, Y Tu Mamá También, Rebecca, Aliens, Rosemary's Baby, and RoboCop are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Paris, Texas
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, criterion, cinematography, golden palm, Wim Wenders, Nastassja Kinski, Harry Dean Stanton, Dean Stockwell
3 I rate Richard Linklater movies. Any other suggestions?	Slacker

1 I like Aliens, The Wizard of Oz, Alien, A Close Shave, U-571, The Abyss, and The Bourne Identity. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rules of Engagement
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I rate James Ivory movies. Any other suggestions?	Maurice

1 I love Schindler's List, Patton, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Raising Arizona, Shakespeare in Love, A Christmas Story, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Marlon Brando, Tennessee Williams, stage, Elia Kazan, Vivien Leigh, Karl Malden
3 I prefer Anthony Asquith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Libel

1 Chinatown, Sanjuro, Repo Man, Seven Samurai, Citizen Kane, The Seventh Seal, and Stripes are films I like. I'm looking for a Chicago movie.	Return to Me
2 What else is that about?	Chicago, Bonnie Hunt
3 I like jewish movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stolen Summer

1 I love Full Metal Jacket, Ocean's Eleven, Being John Malkovich, Jurassic Park, The Big Lebowski, The Silence of the Lambs, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Epic, animated, Wizards, tolkien, high fantasy, adaptation, rotoscoping, hobbits, lord of the rings, Ralph Bakshi
3 I like swan lake movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Swan Princess

1 I liked The Nightmare Before Christmas, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Almost Famous, Strange Days, The Graduate, Excalibur, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Black Cauldron
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Rich, Ted Berman
3 I prefer Robert Ellis Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brenda Starr

1 I loved E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, Casino, Apollo 13, Psycho, and Die Hard. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Get on the Bus
2 What else is that about?	Spike Lee
3 I like murder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Summer of Sam

1 I liked The Wrong Trousers, The Big Blue, Trainspotting, The Sting, American History X, Life Is Beautiful, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I like bollywood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghajini

1 I watched the films The Boondock Saints, The Bourne Identity, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Bourne Supremacy, Fight Club, and The Royal Tenenbaums and loved them. I'm looking for a spy thriller movie.	The Bourne Ultimatum
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, sequel, assassin, Matt Damon, amnesia, cia, spy, spy thriller, Robert Ludlum, Paul Greengrass
3 I like Jean Reno movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ronin

1 Elf, The Bourne Identity, Highlander, Saving Private Ryan, El Dorado, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Cool Hand Luke are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	John Q
2 What else is that about?	Denzel Washington, hospital, Robert Duvall, Anne Heche, Nick Cassavetes
3 I like Julianne Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Next

1 The Matrix, The Dark Knight, Fight Club, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a poverty movie.	Once Were Warriors
2 Who does that star?	Temuera Morrison, Rena Owen
3 I prefer Chunibala Devi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pather Panchali

1 I really liked Leaving Las Vegas, City of God, You Only Live Twice, GoldenEye, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Once Upon a Time in America, and Human Traffic. I'm looking for a War movie.	Inglourious Basterds
2 What else is that about?	War, Quentin Tarantino, r, Brad Pitt, story, French, death, france, ending, tarantino, Michael Fassbender, German, Christoph Waltz, alternate history, Diane Kruger, nazi germany, Eli Roth
3 I prefer u-boat movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	U-571

1 Miss Congeniality, While You Were Sleeping, Good Will Hunting, Meet the Parents, Anastasia, Jerry Maguire, and Beauty and the Beast are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, 1980s, Adam Sandler, Romantic Comedy, Drew Barrymore, Frank Coraci
3 I like sequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beverly Hills Cop II

1 I really liked The Sweet Hereafter, Eat Drink Man Woman, Ed Wood, Quiz Show, Elizabeth, The Shawshank Redemption, and Marvin's Room. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Bound
2 What else is that about?	lesbian, mafia, directorial debut, lesbian character, Gina Gershon, Jennifer Tilly
3 I rate graduation movies. Any other suggestions?	Say Anything...

1 Grand Canyon, Cradle Will Rock, It's a Wonderful Life, Cape Fear, Back to the Future, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Dead Again are movies I like. I'm looking for a robert downey jr movie.	Home for the Holidays
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, robert downey jr
3 I rate Mel Gibson movies. Any other suggestions?	Air America

1 I love Das Boot, Chinatown, 8½, A Clockwork Orange, The Terminator, Midnight Cowboy, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for an Angela Lansbury movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I rate Robert Stevenson movies. Any other suggestions?	Bedknobs and Broomsticks

1 The Dirty Dozen, The Firm, Vanilla Sky, The Village, Spider-Man, Rain Man, and Pan's Labyrinth are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fearless
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Bridges, Peter Weir, Isabella Rossellini
3 I prefer nuclear war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Testament

1 Good Will Hunting, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, The Piano, Dances with Wolves, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Murder in the First are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Johnny Depp, new york city, mafia, Al Pacino, 1970s, fbi, Mike Newell, Anne Heche, Bruno Kirby
3 I like John Frankenheimer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Young Savages

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Dogma, The Shawshank Redemption, Sense and Sensibility, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I like Brianna Brown movies more. Do you know anything else?	Timber Falls

1 I really like In the Name of the Father, Young Frankenstein, A Clockwork Orange, Saving Private Ryan, Pi, Groundhog Day, and The Player. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 Who does that star?	Ellen Burstyn, Meg Ryan, Tina Majorino
3 I prefer Richard Egan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pollyanna

1 Gangs of New York, The Shining, Rushmore, Dogma, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, A Clockwork Orange, and Fight Club are films I like. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Amistad
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, historical, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, united states
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The King's Speech

1 Jerry Maguire, The Player, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Run Lola Run, Chasing Amy, Six Degrees of Separation, and Blade are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Tom Hanks, Steven Spielberg, Matt Damon, realistic, spielberg, Vin Diesel
3 I rate Franco Zeffirelli movies. Any other suggestions?	Tea with Mussolini

1 The Mask, Twister, Schindler's List, The Net, Jurassic Park, Beauty and the Beast, and Ghost are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addams Family Values
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Macabre, Anjelica Huston, Joan Cusack, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I prefer Robert Pattinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Be

1 I like 4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days, Cinema Paradiso, A River Runs Through It, Hotel Rwanda, Y Tu Mamá También, Waking Life, and Rebecca. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Topsy-Turvy
2 What else is that about?	Opera, Mike Leigh, creative, victorian era, Jim Broadbent
3 I like Henry King movies more. Do you know anything else?	The White Sister

1 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Just Cause, A Christmas Carol, The Birdcage, Shallow Grave, In the Name of the Father, and Rudy are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Clockers
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, John Turturro, Mekhi Phifer, Delroy Lindo
3 I rate Eddie Murphy movies. Any other suggestions?	Harlem Nights

1 I liked To Kill a Mockingbird, Cool Hand Luke, Spider-Man 2, Braveheart, Rocky, The Shawshank Redemption, and Much Ado About Nothing. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Spider-Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, superhero, comic book, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Willem Dafoe, superheroes, James Franco, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, responsibility, Power
3 I like dystopia movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hunger Games

1 Philadelphia, Quiz Show, The Princess Bride, The Money Pit, The Full Monty, The Elephant Man, and Dead Poets Society are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Blue Sky
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Richardson
3 I like Toshio Matsumoto movies more. Do you know anything else?	Funeral Parade of Roses

1 Pulp Fiction, The Untouchables, Deliverance, Richard III, Glory, High Noon, and Meet the Parents are films I like. I'm looking for a Glenn Close movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 Who is that directed by?	Adrian Lyne
3 I prefer Tim Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mars Attacks!

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Silence of the Lambs, Jackie Brown, The Great Escape, For a Few Dollars More, The Jungle Book, and Pulp Fiction are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tony Scott movie.	True Romance
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette
3 I rate Denzel Washington movies. Any other suggestions?	Unstoppable

1 Kikujiro, A Charlie Brown Christmas, Amélie, The Big Sleep, Double Indemnity, North by Northwest, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I liked. I'm looking for an animated movie.	Spirited Away
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, japan, original, studio ghibli, long, Hayao Miyazaki, animated, witch, Japanese, miyazaki, Pigs, 4
3 I rate Ray Romano movies. Any other suggestions?	Ice Age

1 I really liked Starship Troopers, Desperado, The Usual Suspects, Reservoir Dogs, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Go, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I like Lisa Bonet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enemy of the State

1 Lethal Weapon, Reservoir Dogs, The Lion King, Ghost in the Shell, A Bronx Tale, The Hudsucker Proxy, and Batman are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Terminator
2 What else is that about?	Action, future, assassin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn
3 I prefer Gerard Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bounty Hunter

1 I loved Clear and Present Danger, Alien, Diva, Total Recall, Batman, Vertigo, and The Patriot. I'm looking for a Grace Kelly movie.	Dial M for Murder
2 Who does that star?	Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings
3 I prefer Cary Grant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	To Catch a Thief

1 On the Waterfront, Stand by Me, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, You Can Count on Me, Swimming to Cambodia, Brazil, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a burton movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 What else is that about?	Tim Burton, burton
3 I prefer dark fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Edward Scissorhands

1 The Matrix, Whale Rider, Father of the Bride, The Shawshank Redemption, Elizabeth, Bend It Like Beckham, and Das Boot are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	In America
2 What else is that about?	Irish, Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Richard Gere movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nights in Rodanthe

1 I really liked Minority Report, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Grosse Pointe Blank, Run Lola Run, Babe, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, and The Lego Movie. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	A Single Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	Benoît Jacquot

1 Mr. Nice Guy, American Pie, Back to the Future, The Cable Guy, Independence Day, The Patriot, and Final Destination are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Twin Dragons
2 Who is that directed by?	Ringo Lam
3 I rate Antoine Fuqua movies. Any other suggestions?	The Equalizer

1 Independence Day, Saving Private Ryan, The Toy, Magnolia, Back to the Future, Apollo 13, and Vanilla Sky are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamra Davis
3 I prefer Burr Steers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Igby Goes Down

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Royal Tenenbaums, Memento, The Matrix, Richard III, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Y Tu Mamá También are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Enemy at the Gates
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, Joseph Fiennes
3 I rate Spike Jonze movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Kings

1 Fargo, Forrest Gump, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Sting, The Rainmaker, There's Something About Mary, and Roman Holiday are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Time to Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Timothy Hutton movies. Any other suggestions?	Digging to China

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Django Unchained, Forrest Gump, The Bourne Ultimatum, Casino Royale, The Hunt for Red October, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Layer Cake
2 What else is that about?	r, british, directorial debut, Matthew Vaughn
3 I prefer Roger Michell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mother

1 The Dark Knight, Blood Diamond, The Godfather, Slumdog Millionaire, and Django Unchained are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who does that star?	François Cluzet, Omar Sy
3 I prefer Harvey Fierstein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Torch Song Trilogy

1 Battle Royale, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs, Donnie Darko, and The Shining are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Ed Wood
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Biography, Bill Murray, Tim Burton, biopic, b-movie, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Martin Landau, Ed Wood
3 I like Dianne Wiest movies more. Do you know anything else?	Edward Scissorhands

1 The Matrix, Being John Malkovich, Blade Runner, American History X, Hero, Thank You for Smoking, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	V for Vendetta
2 Who is that directed by?	James McTeigue
3 I rate James Foley movies. Any other suggestions?	Perfect Stranger

1 I really liked Clueless, Babe, Mary Poppins, The Little Mermaid, The Quiet Man, Toy Story, and Heathers. I'm looking for a Doris Day movie.	Calamity Jane
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Doris Day
3 I rate Thelma Ritter movies. Any other suggestions?	Pillow Talk

1 I really liked Rushmore, To Catch a Thief, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wizard of Oz, Alien, Animal House, and Yellow Submarine. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Repo Man
2 Who does that star?	Harry Dean Stanton, Emilio Estevez
3 I rate Winona Ryder movies. Any other suggestions?	Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael

1 I liked Hard Target, Broken Arrow, Braveheart, The Crow, The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, and GoldenEye. I'm looking for a Roger Moore movie.	The Quest
2 Who does that star?	Roger Moore, James Remar, Janet Gunn
3 I rate Michael Lonsdale movies. Any other suggestions?	Moonraker

1 Life Is Beautiful, Enemy of the State, X-Men, Pearl Harbor, The Fugitive, The Count of Monte Cristo, and Crimson Tide are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man from Snowy River
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Kirk Douglas
3 I rate Josef von Sternberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Docks of New York

1 Halloween, The Godfather, Face/Off, The Princess Bride, Gladiator, The Blues Brothers, and Near Dark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sam Raimi movie.	Evil Dead II
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi
3 I prefer own movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Evil Dead

1 I really like Shrek, Monsters, Inc., Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Dogma, The Usual Suspects, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a foreign movie.	Downfall
2 What else is that about?	War, r, germany, German, berlin, foreign, Adolf Hitler, nazi germany, hitler, Oliver Hirschbiegel
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	City of God

1 I watched the films Notting Hill, The Matrix, I Am Sam, The Man in the Iron Mask, The Shawshank Redemption, Groundhog Day, and Big and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Amenábar
3 I like Peter Hyams movies more. Do you know anything else?	End of Days

1 Metropolitan, The Wizard of Oz, Breaking the Waves, Shadow of a Doubt, Double Indemnity, High Art, and Toy Story 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rosanna Arquette movie.	Buffalo '66
2 Who is that directed by?	Vincent Gallo
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	After Hours

1 Yellow Submarine, True Lies, Farewell My Concubine, Beauty and the Beast, The Sixth Sense, Godzilla 2000, and Stargate are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Magic, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, David Yates
3 I prefer Martin Short movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Simple Wish

1 I love Stalker, The Incredibles, Annie Hall, A Clockwork Orange, Monsoon Wedding, The Man Who Wasn't There, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Saved!
2 Who does that star?	Jena Malone, Macaulay Culkin, Mandy Moore, Patrick Fugit
3 I like Analeigh Tipton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Warm Bodies

1 A Hard Day's Night, Rebecca, The 400 Blows, Chinatown, The Deer Hunter, Some Like It Hot, and On the Waterfront are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bonnie and Clyde
2 What else is that about?	Crime, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Gene Wilder, Faye Dunaway, Warren Beatty, On the Road, Arthur Penn, outlaws
3 I prefer Martin Sheen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Badlands

1 Back to the Future Part II, Airheads, Back to the Future, Forrest Gump, Blade, Men in Black, and Beetlejuice are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Arachnophobia
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall
3 I rate Garry Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	The Other Sister

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Psycho, Casablanca, City Lights, The Godfather, Rashomon, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a silent movie.	The Gold Rush
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, charlie chaplin, silent, Gold, Chaplin
3 I rate Harold Lloyd movies. Any other suggestions?	Safety Last!

1 I liked Toy Story, As Good as It Gets, The Hudsucker Proxy, Dazed and Confused, Psycho, The Muppet Movie, and Night Shift. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Bodyguard
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Bill
3 I rate Ivan Reitman movies. Any other suggestions?	Stripes

1 I like Shrek, Bowling for Columbine, The Royal Tenenbaums, Waking Life, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Fight Club, and The Producers. I'm looking for a romantic movie.	Sideways
2 What else is that about?	Road Trip, romantic, Paul Giamatti, wine, Sandra Oh, Alexander Payne, Thomas Haden Church
3 I prefer Romance movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Say Anything...

1 The Fifth Element, The Matrix, and The Princess Bride are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 Who is that directed by?	M. Night Shyamalan
3 I like Dominik Moll movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Monk

1 Chinatown, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Donnie Darko, Princess Mononoke, Reservoir Dogs, Blue Velvet, and The City of Lost Children are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Ghost in the Shell
2 What else is that about?	Music, anime, japan, philosophical, complex, 2, Ghost, based on manga, Mamoru Oshii
3 I rate pixar movies. Any other suggestions?	Shrek

1 I liked A Letter to Three Wives, The Big Sleep, Our Hospitality, A Close Shave, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, and The Black Stallion. I'm looking for an Adrienne Shelly movie.	Waitress
2 What else is that about?	Adrienne Shelly, Waitress
3 I rate Martin Donovan movies. Any other suggestions?	Trust

1 Poltergeist, Ran, Control, The Big Lebowski, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Easy Rider are films I like. I'm looking for a hockey movie.	Slap Shot
2 What else is that about?	hockey, George Roy Hill
3 I rate Adam Sandler movies. Any other suggestions?	Happy Gilmore

1 Mighty Joe Young, Gremlins, Die Hard, Outbreak, Of Mice and Men, Never Been Kissed, and Lethal Weapon 4 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a disaster movie.	Deep Impact
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, science, disaster, Elijah Wood, Robert Duvall, Comet, Mimi Leder
3 I prefer Irwin Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Poseidon Adventure

1 Patch Adams, In the Line of Fire, In the Name of the Father, From Here to Eternity, The African Queen, The French Connection, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Message in a Bottle
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Paul Newman, Robin Wright
3 I like James Sikking movies more. Do you know anything else?	Doing Time on Maple Drive

1 I really like Full Metal Jacket, Donnie Darko, Roger Dodger, Saved!, Equilibrium, Dead Poets Society, and American Psycho. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Freddie Highmore
3 I like Barry Pepper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Snow Walker

1 Rocky, MASH, Taxi Driver, Shakespeare in Love, Cool Hand Luke, Blade Runner, and The Sting are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Producers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Kenneth Mars, Zero Mostel, Dick Shawn
3 I like Mickey Rooney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Babes on Broadway

1 Lost in Translation, Finding Neverland, The Matrix, Alien, The Big Blue, Groundhog Day, and A Clockwork Orange are films I really liked. I'm looking for an absurd movie.	Teddy Bear
2 What else is that about?	absurd, poland
3 I prefer Airport movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airplane!

1 The Fifth Element, Brazil, Addams Family Values, Once Were Warriors, Liar Liar, Vertigo, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Man Who Would Be King
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer, Sean Connery, Saeed Jaffrey
3 I rate Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio movies. Any other suggestions?	The Abyss

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Traffic are films I really liked. I'm looking for a midlife crisis movie.	American Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Drama, satire, Music, cinematography, r, sexuality, story, Love, Kevin Spacey, cynical, own, midlife crisis, 3, Sam Mendes, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, beauty, Mena Suvari, mid-life crisis, Allison Janney

1 Forrest Gump and Message in a Bottle are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Norbit
2 Who does that star?	Eddie Murphy, Thandie Newton, Terry Crews
3 I like Tovah Feldshuh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kissing Jessica Stein

1 Back to the Future Part II, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Corpse Bride, Men in Black II, The Karate Kid, Part III, The Fifth Element, and Sherlock Holmes are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Radio
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Ed Harris, Debra Winger
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Replacements

1 Braveheart, Gran Torino, The Green Mile, Philadelphia, Brokeback Mountain, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Hangover are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	American Gangster
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Bruce Beresford movies. Any other suggestions?	Double Jeopardy

1 Lethal Weapon 2, Back to the Future, Brazil, The Princess Bride, Die Hard, Election, and Best in Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a private detective movie.	Zero Effect
2 What else is that about?	Ben Stiller, private detective, Bill Pullman, portland, Jake Kasdan
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Night Moves

1 I watched the films Clue, Sneakers, The Dark Crystal, Fight Club, The Last Emperor, Brazil, and Apocalypse Now and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Howard the Duck
2 Who is that directed by?	Willard Huyck
3 I like Andrew Stanton movies more. Do you know anything else?	John Carter

1 The Graduate, American Beauty, The Godfather, Rebel Without a Cause, Ghost World, One Crazy Summer, and The Piano are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Taste of Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Agnès Jaoui
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I really liked Cars, Catch Me If You Can, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Blade II, American Wedding, Cinderella, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a Steve Carell movie.	Over the Hedge
2 What else is that about?	Bruce Willis, Steve Carell, SubUrbia, dreamworks, William Shatner, dreamworks animation, comic strip, Wanda Sykes
3 I prefer dvd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The 40-Year-Old Virgin

1 Boogie Nights, The Shawshank Redemption, The Firm, Leaving Las Vegas, Shakespeare in Love, The Silence of the Lambs, and Goodfellas are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	Immortal Beloved
2 What else is that about?	r, Gary Oldman, Beethoven
3 I like mississippi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mississippi Burning

1 Force 10 from Navarone, Witness, The Terminator, Escape from New York, Beetlejuice, The African Queen, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Mel Brooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Producers

1 Titan A.E., Heat, Inception, The Social Network, Skyfall, Dude, Where's My Car?, and Fight Club are films I love. I'm looking for a remake movie.	13
2 Who does that star?	Jason Statham, Sam Riley
3 I rate Diane Keaton movies. Any other suggestions?	Father of the Bride Part II

1 I loved Gone with the Wind, A Room with a View, Old Yeller, Little Women, It's a Wonderful Life, Mary Poppins, and Shrek. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man from Snowy River
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Kirk Douglas
3 I like Norman Taurog movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boys Town

1 Cape Fear, Rear Window, A Simple Plan, The Spanish Prisoner, The Seventh Seal, The Silence of the Lambs, and A Close Shave are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Buffalo
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Dennis Franz, Sean Nelson
3 I like Kevin Costner movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Perfect World

1 I watched the films Jerry Maguire, The Shining, Altered States, Quiz Show, The Secret of Roan Inish, Leaving Las Vegas, and The Producers and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Breaking Away
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Dennis Christopher
3 I like William Powell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thin Man

1 I watched the films Requiem for a Dream, Titanic, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, The Cutting Edge, and Picture Perfect and loved them. I'm looking for a michigan movie.	8 Mile
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer Mike Binder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Upside of Anger

1 Rain Man, Batman, The Red Violin, Forrest Gump, Blast from the Past, Dogma, and Traffic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Cousin Vinny
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, murder, courtroom, lawyers, court, lawyer, Marisa Tomei, Joe Pesci, Trial, law, alabama, Ralph Macchio, Jonathan Lynn
3 I prefer will ferrel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bewitched

1 The Loss of Sexual Innocence, In the Mood for Love, Lone Star, The Crying Game, Winter Sleepers, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and Nowhere in Africa are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Big Bad Love
2 Who does that star?	Arliss Howard, Debra Winger
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Mr. Holland's Opus, Forrest Gump, Little Women, Citizen Kane, The English Patient, and Awakenings are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Patch Adams
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I rate James Coburn movies. Any other suggestions?	The President's Analyst

1 Faithful, Trees Lounge, Looking for Richard, Warriors of Virtue, Ed's Next Move, The Quiet Room, and Romy and Michele's High School Reunion are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Two Much
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas, Daryl Hannah, Danny Aiello, Melanie Griffith
3 I prefer Bryan Greenberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bride Wars

1 Inception, American Beauty, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Reservoir Dogs, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Dark Knight are films I really like. I'm looking for a William Dieterle movie.	Dark City
2 What else is that about?	William Dieterle
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dr. Ehrlich's Magic Bullet

1 I loved Jaws, Midnight Run, Back to the Future, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, True Romance, The Sting, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Life as a Dog
2 Who does that star?	Tomas von Brömssen, Anton Glanzelius, Melinda Kinnaman
3 I like Lance Henriksen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Powder

1 The Usual Suspects, Paths of Glory, American Splendor, Forrest Gump, Down by Law, The Fountain, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Eastern Promises
2 What else is that about?	violence, tense, r, mafia, Naomi Watts, Viggo Mortensen, Russian, David Cronenberg, Vincent Cassel, Tattoo, russian mafia
3 I like Chicago movies more. Do you know anything else?	Call Northside 777

1 The Pianist, Witness for the Prosecution, The Magdalene Sisters, To Kill a Mockingbird, Before Midnight, Babette's Feast, and From Here to Eternity are films I love. I'm looking for a Robert Bresson movie.	Au Hasard Balthazar
2 Who does that star?	Anne Wiazemsky
3 I prefer Marika Green movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pickpocket

1 Memento, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, 50 First Dates, Mansfield Park, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Life Is Beautiful, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	Persuasion
2 What else is that about?	Jane Austen, adaptation, Roger Michell
3 I like twist ending movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fight Club

1 Accepted, The Simpsons Movie, Spider-Man 3, Dogma, The Waterboy, Finding Nemo, and The Pink Panther are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	The Love Guru
2 What else is that about?	Mike Myers, Romany Malco
3 I prefer dreamworks animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shrek

1 The Others, Strangers on a Train, What About Bob?, Double Indemnity, Suspicion, As Good as It Gets, and Contact are movies I really like. I'm looking for a James Gandolfini movie.	The Man Who Wasn't There
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, noir, Billy Bob Thornton, Frances McDormand, James Gandolfini
3 I like Diane Lane movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cinema Verite

1 Legends of the Fall, It's a Wonderful Life, Chicago, Gladiator, Inception, and Little Miss Sunshine are movies I love. I'm looking for a Taxi Driver movie.	Collateral
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taxi Driver

1 Citizen Kane, Live Flesh, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and North by Northwest are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swept Away
2 Who does that star?	Giancarlo Giannini, Mariangela Melato
3 I rate Mark Ruffalo movies. Any other suggestions?	The Brothers Bloom

1 Waiting for Guffman, The Fugitive, The Replacement Killers, The Bone Collector, Three Days of the Condor, Being John Malkovich, and Rushmore are movies I liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Truth or Consequences, N.M.
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Pollak, Kiefer Sutherland, Mykelti Williamson, Vincent Gallo

1 From Here to Eternity, Blue Velvet, M, Down by Law, Hoop Dreams, Breaking the Waves, and Fargo are movies I really like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Draughtsman's Contract
2 What else is that about?	murder, Peter Greenaway
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Brown

1 I love Dracula, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Patton, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Princess Mononoke, and Heat. I'm looking for a classic movie.	Spaceballs
2 Who does that star?	Bill Pullman, Rick Moranis, John Candy, Mel Brooks
3 I like Deems Taylor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fantasia

1 I like The Sixth Sense, Rain Man, The Jungle Book, Animal House, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Sandlot, and I Am Legend. I'm looking for a Ben Stiller movie.	Zoolander
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Stiller
3 I prefer David O. Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flirting with Disaster

1 I loved Jumanji, The Notebook, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Princess Bride, The Sandlot, The Wizard of Oz, and Back to the Future Part III. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
2 Who is that directed by?	Ken Hughes
3 I like Bob Fosse movies more. Do you know anything else?	All That Jazz

1 Fight Club, Gran Torino, The Wrestler, Up, Memento, Inglourious Basterds, and Shaun of the Dead are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	Batman Begins
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, super-hero, Christopher Nolan, dc comics, iceland, comics, dc, Katie Holmes, comic, Fear, David S. Goyer
3 I like murder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harry Brown

1 Rush Hour, Charlie's Angels, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, X-Men, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Major League, and Shrek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Waterboy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, Kathy Bates, Fairuza Balk, Henry Winkler, Frank Coraci
3 I prefer Charles Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Titfield Thunderbolt

1 The Ref, The Birdcage, Clerks, Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Minnie Driver movie.	Grosse Pointe Blank
2 What else is that about?	soundtrack, John Cusack, Dan Aykroyd, Minnie Driver, Alan Arkin
3 I rate Isabella Rossellini movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Night

1 Vertigo, The Graduate, Forrest Gump, Unforgiven, My Fair Lady, Braveheart, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Frankenstein movie.	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Kenneth Branagh
3 I like James Lorinz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Frankenhooker

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Tombstone, Say Anything..., Blade Runner, The Matrix, and Lethal Weapon are movies I loved. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I like birthday movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Celebration

1 Ratatouille, Howl's Moving Castle, Batman Begins, Flight, The Incredibles, Despicable Me, and Avatar are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Looper
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	What Just Happened

1 The Player, A Clockwork Orange, Swingers, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Shawshank Redemption, Casablanca, and La Femme Nikita are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	To Live and Die in L.A.
2 What else is that about?	William Friedkin
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	The French Connection

1 I really like The City of Lost Children, Ghost in the Shell, Aladdin, Toy Story, Beauty and the Beast, Evil Dead II, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 What else is that about?	classic, soundtrack, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, spielberg, ominous, ocean, shark, Richard Dreyfuss, Robert Shaw, Roy Scheider
3 I like Anne Heche movies more. Do you know anything else?	John Q

1 I really like Juno, Red Rock West, My Left Foot, No Country for Old Men, Crash, Life Is Beautiful, and Miller's Crossing. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Life as a Dog
2 Who is that directed by?	Lasse Hallström
3 I rate Jamie Linden movies. Any other suggestions?	10 Years

1 I watched the films The Nightmare Before Christmas, Eat Drink Man Woman, Ed Wood, Beauty and the Beast, Cold Comfort Farm, Belle de Jour, and Lone Star and loved them. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Microcosmos
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, insects
3 I rate climate change movies. Any other suggestions?	The Age of Stupid

1 Manhattan, Broadcast News, Taxi Driver, Network, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Philadelphia Story, and Henry V are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Do the Right Thing
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, John Turturro, Spike Lee
3 I rate Anthony Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Border Incident

1 Shall We Dance?, The Haunting, An American Werewolf in London, The Sound of Music, Airplane!, West Side Story, and Coogan's Bluff are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Devil Rides Out
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lee, Charles Gray, Leon Greene
3 I like Linda Hamilton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Children of the Corn

1 Amélie, Annie Hall, North by Northwest, Charade, and Big are films I loved. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Finding Neverland
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Peter Pan, Marc Forster, playwright, depp
3 I like George Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Happy Feet Two

1 I liked Apocalypse Now, Breaking the Waves, and Requiem for a Dream. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Candyman
2 Who is that directed by?	Bernard Rose
3 I like Dario Argento movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dracula 3D

1 Inception, The Matrix, The Godfather, and Dracula are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thor movie.	The Avengers
2 What else is that about?	superhero, War, new york city, ensemble cast, dvd, Samuel L. Jackson, Scarlett Johansson, marvel, Joss Whedon, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, marvel cinematic universe, Jeremy Renner, Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Iron Man, The Avengers, Captain America, superhero team, Hulk, american, ensemble, Thor, loki, marvel comics

1 Election, The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Magnolia, When Harry Met Sally..., and Airplane! are films I like. I'm looking for a fashion movie.	Zoolander
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, fashion
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Saint Laurent

1 Forrest Gump, Sense and Sensibility, Apollo 13, Much Ado About Nothing, Desperado, Broken Arrow, and Jurassic Park are films I really like. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Father of the Bride Part II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, sequel, Steve Martin, Diane Keaton
3 I like Jude Law movies more. Do you know anything else?	All the King's Men

1 Shadowlands, The Silence of the Lambs, Taxi Driver, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Jurassic Park, and Batman Forever are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, directorial debut, 1960s, Italian
3 I like Curtis Hanson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Too Big to Fail

1 Best in Show, The Dark Knight, Blue Valentine, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Red Shoes are films I loved. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Black Swan
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I prefer Marilyn Agrelo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mad Hot Ballroom

1 Apollo 13, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Almost Famous, King Kong, The Matrix, Life Is Beautiful, and The Adventures of Robin Hood are movies I like. I'm looking for a graduation movie.	Say Anything...
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Ione Skye

1 I love The Usual Suspects, Bull Durham, Animal House, Midnight Express, Fargo, Schindler's List, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Dustin Hoffman movie.	Little Big Man
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, native americans, revisionist western, Arthur Penn
3 I like Sydney Pollack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tootsie

1 I watched the films The Matrix, Being John Malkovich, Reservoir Dogs, The Princess Bride, Contact, True Romance, and Schindler's List and loved them. I'm looking for a Gabriel Byrne movie.	Miller's Crossing
2 Who does that star?	John Turturro, Gabriel Byrne, Marcia Gay Harden, Jon Polito
3 I like Stephen Baldwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Usual Suspects

1 I like Roman Holiday, Witness, Fargo, Rebecca, Some Like It Hot, Taxi Driver, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Preston Sturges movie.	The Palm Beach Story
2 What else is that about?	screwball comedy, screwball, Preston Sturges
3 I prefer christmas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Remember the Night

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead, A Beautiful Mind, Being John Malkovich, The Beastmaster, Office Space, and The Sixth Sense are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Jonathan Frakes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thunderbirds

1 I loved Ghostbusters, The French Connection, In the Company of Men, Beauty and the Beast, Diamonds Are Forever, Eyes Wide Shut, and Heat. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Breakfast at Tiffany's
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Hepburn, Patricia Neal, George Peppard, Buddy Ebsen
3 I rate James Belushi movies. Any other suggestions?	K-9

1 Fight Club, Forrest Gump, Into the Wild, Donnie Darko, Amélie, Black Cat, White Cat, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Perks of Being a Wallflower
2 What else is that about?	Drama, High School, Emma Watson, Ezra Miller
3 I like Emily Blunt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Salmon Fishing in the Yemen

1 The Manchurian Candidate, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Kalifornia, Annie Hall, Goodfellas, Raising Arizona, and Tin Cup are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	An American Werewolf in London
2 What else is that about?	classic, tense, werewolf, horror comedy, John Landis, Jenny Agutter, Griffin Dunne
3 I prefer drag movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Connie and Carla

1 Cool Hand Luke, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Bonnie and Clyde, Ordinary People, The Hustler, The Omega Man, and Magnolia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Yojimbo
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa

1 I really like Analyze This, Sleeper, The Cable Guy, Muriel's Wedding, Heavenly Creatures, The Silence of the Lambs, and Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Teaching Mrs. Tingle
2 What else is that about?	High School, teen
3 I prefer Jim Jarmusch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stranger Than Paradise

1 I really liked Tora! Tora! Tora!, Sense and Sensibility, The Matrix, Das Boot, Mulholland Drive, A Close Shave, and Election. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Monsoon Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Music, r, india, Mira Nair
3 I prefer Musical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Aladdin

1 Bananas, Jaws, The Elephant Man, The Garden of the Finzi-Continis, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Annie Hall, and Harold and Maude are films I liked. I'm looking for a Peter Weir movie.	Picnic at Hanging Rock
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Peter Weir
3 I like original movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Truman Show

1 Annie Hall, Moulin Rouge!, Life Is Beautiful, Malèna, Cinema Paradiso, Office Space, and Swordfish are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like Lars von Trier movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Element of Crime

1 Eyes Wide Shut, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Y Tu Mamá También, American Beauty, The Silence of the Lambs, Bowling for Columbine, and Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Live Flesh
2 Who does that star?	Javier Bardem, Francesca Neri, Liberto Rabal
3 I rate José Luis Gómez movies. Any other suggestions?	Broken Embraces

1 I liked Babe, The Sixth Sense, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Network, Gods and Monsters, An Ideal Husband, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Tender Mercies
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Robert Duvall, Bruce Beresford
3 I prefer japan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Departures

1 I loved Patton, Dangerous Liaisons, Gods and Monsters, The Thing, The Last Emperor, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, and Deconstructing Harry. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Doctor Dolittle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, animals, Rex Harrison
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Child Bride

1 I love Natural Born Killers, The King's Speech, In the Name of the Father, Inception, Dead Poets Society, Good Will Hunting, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Secret in Their Eyes
2 Who does that star?	Ricardo Darín, Soledad Villamil
3 I prefer Brooke Shields movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Midnight Meat Train

1 Little Women, The Remains of the Day, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Apollo 13, While You Were Sleeping, and Dead Man Walking are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Ralph Fiennes movie.	Quiz Show
2 What else is that about?	1950s, Ralph Fiennes, Robert Redford, John Turturro, Hank Azaria, Christopher McDonald, Paul Scofield, David Paymer
3 I like satire movies more. Do you know anything else?	Land of the Blind

1 I liked What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Lion King, Schindler's List, Clueless, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I like Aaron Yoo movies more. Do you know anything else?	21

1 I really liked The Fugitive, Back to the Future, Finding Nemo, Cast Away, The Shawshank Redemption, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Bill Murray movie.	Stripes
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, John Candy, Harold Ramis, Ivan Reitman
3 I like Anjelica Huston movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Darjeeling Limited

1 I really like Glory, Air Force One, The Prince of Egypt, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Toy Story, Saving Private Ryan, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a disney movie.	A Bug's Life
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, story, Kevin Spacey, animated, computer animation, avi, Circus, pixar animation, bugs, John Lasseter, Dave Foley
3 I rate kentucky movies. Any other suggestions?	Secretariat

1 I like Fargo, Trainspotting, Edward Scissorhands, American Beauty, La Femme Nikita, Lone Star, and The Blair Witch Project. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 Who does that star?	Eamonn Owens
3 I prefer Jason Bateman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Longest Week

1 I really like Fight Club, American History X, City of God, Amélie, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Lives of Others. I'm looking for a 4 movie.	Buena Vista Social Club
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I rate Philip Kaufman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Unbearable Lightness of Being

1 I really like Airplane!, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Hunt for Red October, Harold and Maude, Alien, Brazil, and Sneakers. I'm looking for a Rick Moranis movie.	Spaceballs
2 What else is that about?	classic, space, parody, star wars, Mel Brooks, John Candy, Rick Moranis, Bill Pullman
3 I prefer new york city movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghostbusters

1 I like The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Silence of the Lambs, Tampopo, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Kramer vs. Kramer, Schindler's List, and The Hours. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Simple Plan
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suspense, Sam Raimi, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I like Bertrand Blier movies more. Do you know anything else?	Going Places

1 Chicago, The Passenger, Fantasia, The Last Seduction, That Obscure Object of Desire, MASH, and 8½ are films I loved. I'm looking for a Leslie Howard movie.	Pygmalion
2 Who does that star?	Wendy Hiller, Leslie Howard
3 I rate Bette Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Petrified Forest

1 I really like The Hudsucker Proxy, Joe's Apartment, Apollo 13, Face/Off, Dave, Pulp Fiction, and Legends of the Fall. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Jumanji
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston
3 I prefer Michel Gondry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 The Terminator, Legends of the Fall, Braveheart, Arsenic and Old Lace, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Wall Street are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Flashdance
2 Who is that directed by?	Adrian Lyne
3 I like Frank Capra movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rain or Shine

1 The Great Escape, The Rock, Phone Booth, Cast Away, Ben-Hur, American Pie, and The Lion King are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Cate Blanchett movie.	The Aviator
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, cinematography, Biography, Leonardo DiCaprio, Martin Scorsese, Jude Law, aviation, Cate Blanchett, biographical, Kate Beckinsale, Howard Hughes
3 I prefer Shekhar Kapur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elizabeth

1 The Third Man, Psycho, and Rear Window are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Sayles movie.	Lone Star
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, small town, Texas, Chris Cooper, John Sayles
3 I prefer coal miners movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Matewan

1 I really like Forrest Gump, The Lion King, Casino, The Godfather, Gattaca, Toy Story, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dude, Where's My Car?
2 Who does that star?	Ashton Kutcher, Seann William Scott
3 I like Joe Thomas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Inbetweeners Movie

1 Blazing Saddles, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, The City of Lost Children, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Usual Suspects, The Philadelphia Story, and Sex, Lies, and Videotape are movies I really like. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	The Celebration
2 What else is that about?	Family, suicide, birthday, Thomas Vinterberg
3 I prefer Nicolas Cage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Leaving Las Vegas

1 I watched the films Back to the Future, Happy Gilmore, Batman Begins, Spider-Man 2, The Truman Show, The Matrix, and Good Will Hunting and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Con Air
2 Who does that star?	Colm Meaney
3 I prefer Steven Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Route 666

1 I really liked The Full Monty, Dances with Wolves, Aliens, The Maltese Falcon, Alien, Chinatown, and Strictly Ballroom. I'm looking for a Douglas McGrath movie.	Emma
2 What else is that about?	british, Jane Austen, Gwyneth Paltrow, Douglas McGrath, austen
3 I rate Truman Capote movies. Any other suggestions?	Infamous

1 Mystic Pizza, Ruthless People, When Harry Met Sally..., Strangers on a Train, Eyes Wide Shut, The Sixth Sense, and Key Largo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a supernatural movie.	The Gift
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Cate Blanchett, Katie Holmes, Giovanni Ribisi
3 I like Halle Berry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gothika

1 I watched the films The Mummy, The Ghost and the Darkness, South Pacific, Ravenous, True Lies, The Wizard of Oz, and Raiders of the Lost Ark and loved them. I'm looking for a Jeff Bridges movie.	Starman
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges
3 I like Alfre Woodard movies more. Do you know anything else?	K-PAX

1 I watched the films High Noon, Apollo 13, Aliens, Dead Poets Society, Braveheart, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Stand by Me and loved them. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, own, best picture, Alec Guinness, David Lean, William Holden, bridge
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Troy

1 This Is England, Amélie, American Beauty, Pulp Fiction, Kids, Inglourious Basterds, and The Usual Suspects are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints
2 Who does that star?	Shia LaBeouf
3 I like Walter Ladengast movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser

1 I love Young Frankenstein, Toy Story 2, Local Hero, Terms of Endearment, Contact, Toy Story, and Cinema Paradiso. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	On the Waterfront
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bridges of Madison County

1 The Godfather, Casino, The Blues Brothers, Nell, Sleepers, The Shawshank Redemption, and Get Shorty are films I really like. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I prefer na movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thumbsucker

1 I like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, In Bruges, Equilibrium, Glengarry Glen Ross, Man on Fire, and 21 Grams. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Nines
2 What else is that about?	r, Ryan Reynolds, Melissa McCarthy, Hope Davis
3 I prefer Saoirse Ronan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	City of Ember

1 I liked The Breakfast Club, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Princess Bride, Fargo, Delicatessen, L.A. Story, and Titanic. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I like Kathy Bates movies more. Do you know anything else?	Angus

1 His Girl Friday, Psycho, Raging Bull, It's a Wonderful Life, Rear Window, The Jerk, and Apocalypse Now are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	Babes in Toyland
2 What else is that about?	christmas
3 I rate Scrooge movies. Any other suggestions?	A Christmas Carol

1 I love The Big Lebowski, The Godfather, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Citizen Kane, Cabaret, Black Cat, White Cat, and Top Hat. I'm looking for an espionage movie.	Notorious
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman
3 I prefer Oskar Werner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Spy Who Came in from the Cold

1 The Fugitive, Outbreak, Apollo 13, Jurassic Park, Dances with Wolves, Home Alone, and The Net are films I love. I'm looking for an Antonio Banderas movie.	Assassins
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Richard Donner
3 I rate Martin Campbell movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mask of Zorro

1 I loved A Bronx Tale, Manhattan, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Five Easy Pieces, The Crying Game, Pulp Fiction, and Magnolia. I'm looking for an england movie.	A Room with a View
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, italy, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I prefer Jane Austen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Becoming Jane

1 The Last of the Mohicans, Rain Man, The Manchurian Candidate, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Get Shorty, Sling Blade, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cop Land
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, ensemble cast, Corruption, Robert De Niro, Sylvester Stallone, new jersey, Ray Liotta, James Mangold, stallone
3 I prefer Chicago movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Medium Cool

1 Good Morning, Vietnam, Clueless, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Madness of King George, Mrs Dalloway, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Muppet Treasure Island are movies I really like. I'm looking for a china movie.	Farewell My Concubine
2 What else is that about?	r, china, Opera, gong li, Leslie Cheung
3 I rate Jay Chou movies. Any other suggestions?	Curse of the Golden Flower

1 The Truman Show, Natural Born Killers, On the Waterfront, An American Tail, Ordinary People, Lethal Weapon, and Big are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Signs
2 What else is that about?	story, Mel Gibson, script, M. Night Shyamalan, Joaquin Phoenix, shyamalan
3 I prefer Julia Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conspiracy Theory

1 I really liked Dead Man Walking, Fargo, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a True Story movie.	Shine
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Australia, Geoffrey Rush, Scott Hicks
3 I like Anne Heche movies more. Do you know anything else?	Donnie Brasco

1 Executive Decision, Seven Samurai, The Rock, Con Air, King Kong, Night of the Comet, and Jurassic Park are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I like Conspiracy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Manchurian Candidate

1 The Crow, Sling Blade, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, The Matrix, Rocky, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cult movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, ensemble cast, original, story, Heist, tarantino, Steve Buscemi, cast, cult, Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer Winona Ryder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heathers

1 I love Willow, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Platoon, Predator, The Negotiator, The Sixth Sense, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Superman
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, superhero, comic book, franchise, super-hero, Gene Hackman, superheroes, Marlon Brando, dc comics, comics, Superman, comic books, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Donner, Ned Beatty, Glenn Ford
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	S.W.A.T.

1 I like Aladdin, Schindler's List, The Firm, Renaissance Man, True Lies, I.Q., and Nell. I'm looking for a Nathaniel Hawthorne movie.	The Scarlet Letter
2 What else is that about?	Nathaniel Hawthorne

1 Rounders, Sherlock Holmes, Ocean's Eleven, Reservoir Dogs, Meet the Parents, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Matrix are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Book of Eli
2 What else is that about?	Action, Gary Oldman, Denzel Washington, Mila Kunis, Ray Stevenson, Jennifer Beals, the hughes brothers
3 I prefer egypt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec

1 Serpico, White Hunter Black Heart, Das Boot, The Battle of Algiers, Point Blank, Syriana, and Dead Man Walking are films I love. I'm looking for a psychological movie.	Cube
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, psychological, Escape, Maze, Vincenzo Natali, traps, Cube
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	The Conversation

1 The Unbearable Lightness of Being, 8½, The Brave Little Toaster, Sea of Love, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Force of Evil, and The Conversation are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Pete's Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, Music, disney, Musical, Dragon, Mickey Rooney
3 I like teacher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Holland's Opus

1 I really liked The Crying Game, Read My Lips, Clockwatchers, Breakfast at Tiffany's, All About My Mother, Brokeback Mountain, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Babel
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, japan, mexico, Morocco, Alejandro González Iñárritu
3 I rate Rupert Grint movies. Any other suggestions?	Cherrybomb

1 Roman Holiday, Birdy, Wings of Desire, The Shawshank Redemption, Apocalypse Now, The Usual Suspects, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Cleese movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones
3 I like Fred Schepisi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fierce Creatures

1 I really liked Schindler's List, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, The Fugitive, Duck Soup, My Life as a Dog, L.A. Confidential, and Rushmore. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ruthless People
2 Who does that star?	Danny DeVito, Judge Reinhold, Bette Midler, Helen Slater
3 I rate Dan Aykroyd movies. Any other suggestions?	Sgt. Bilko

1 Cold Mountain, Twilight, Fight Club, A Little Princess, Mansfield Park, Anastasia, and Juno are films I loved. I'm looking for an ice movie.	King Arthur
2 Who is that directed by?	Antoine Fuqua
3 I like Chris Wedge movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ice Age

1 Shrek, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Saving Private Ryan, The Shining, Rain Man, and Four Weddings and a Funeral are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Into the Wild
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, survival, Sean Penn, Kristen Stewart, Wilderness, 1990s, alaska, travel, Emile Hirsch, Catherine Keener, William Hurt, Hal Holbrook
3 I rate unsimulated sex movies. Any other suggestions?	Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song

1 The Big Chill, Twister, Seven Samurai, Dog Day Afternoon, Atlantic City, The Breakfast Club, and The Green Mile are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Turturro movie.	Quiz Show
2 What else is that about?	1950s, Ralph Fiennes, Robert Redford, John Turturro, Hank Azaria, Christopher McDonald, Paul Scofield, David Paymer
3 I like soundtrack movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Lebowski

1 Aliens, Lost in Translation, Blade Runner, Dangerous Liaisons, The Godfather, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Jaws are films I like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I prefer Broadway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Band Wagon

1 I really liked Cars, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Chicken Run, The Mask, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Last of the Mohicans, and Back to the Future Part III. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Top Gun
2 What else is that about?	Action, Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, navy, aircraft, Tom Skerritt
3 I rate No movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang

1 I liked Liar Liar and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a War movie.	House of Flying Daggers
2 Who does that star?	Andy Lau, Takeshi Kaneshiro
3 I rate Veronica Lake movies. Any other suggestions?	So Proudly We Hail!

1 Dogma, American Pie, Brazil, Swingers, Run Lola Run, The Big Lebowski, and Aliens are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	Changing Lanes
2 Who is that directed by?	Roger Michell
3 I rate Kasi Lemmons movies. Any other suggestions?	Eve's Bayou

1 I love Beetlejuice, L.A. Confidential, Back to the Future, Rain Man, Once Upon a Time in America, The French Connection, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Midsummer Night's Dream
2 Who is that directed by?	William Dieterle, Max Reinhardt
3 I rate David Frankel movies. Any other suggestions?	Hope Springs

1 Saving Private Ryan, X-Men, Con Air, There's Something About Mary, American Pie, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Fifth Element are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wrongfully Accused
2 What else is that about?	parody, Leslie Nielsen
3 I prefer Chris Kattan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Corky Romano

1 Tombstone, Braveheart, The Lion King, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, The Matrix, and The Dark Knight are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Miracle
2 What else is that about?	sports, usa, olympics, hockey, Gavin O'Connor
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Song of Bernadette

1 I really liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, City Lights, Chinatown, Memento, The Wizard of Oz, Citizen Kane, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, War, History, Epic, biographical, desert, world war i, best picture, Peter O'Toole, David Lean, super panavision 70
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spider Lilies

1 MASH, Fantasia, The Manchurian Candidate, Blade Runner, The Sting, Dirty Dancing, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	The Spitfire Grill
2 Who does that star?	Ellen Burstyn, Marcia Gay Harden, Will Patton, Alison Elliott
3 I rate Hideo Sakaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Alive

1 I liked Gone with the Wind, Being There, The Exorcist, Dangerous Liaisons, Midnight Cowboy, True Romance, and Platoon. I'm looking for a classic movie.	The Jungle Book
2 What else is that about?	classic, disney, soundtrack, animated, jungle, avi, Rudyard Kipling, Wolfgang Reitherman, tiger
3 I prefer party movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Party

1 Little Miss Sunshine, Sliding Doors, The Year of Living Dangerously, Million Dollar Baby, Being John Malkovich, Mostly Martha, and Shine are films I liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Since Otar Left
2 Who is that directed by?	Julie Bertuccelli
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 American Beauty, Django Unchained, Caddyshack, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Princess Bride, The Graduate, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kramer vs. Kramer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Divorce, Robert Benton
3 I like Robert Mandel movies more. Do you know anything else?	School Ties

1 The Rock, Clueless, Mallrats, The Game, Reservoir Dogs, Reality Bites, and Clerks are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Lorraine Bracco, James Madio
3 I prefer Tom Wilkinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Bedroom

1 Dances with Wolves, Lawrence of Arabia, Romancing the Stone, The Untouchables, The Man Who Would Be King, The French Connection, and Die Hard are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	U-571
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Submarine, u-boat
3 I prefer Keira Knightley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Atonement

1 I watched the films Chicago, The Hangover Part II, Mulholland Drive, Hotel Rwanda, The Intouchables, Wall Street, and The Aviator and loved them. I'm looking for a cast movie.	Gran Torino
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Ahney Her, Christopher Carley, Bee Vang
3 I like Rooney Mara movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo

1 The Big Lebowski, Casablanca, Young Frankenstein, Tin Men, Beetlejuice, When Harry Met Sally..., and Being There are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Poseidon Adventure
2 Who is that directed by?	Ronald Neame, Irwin Allen
3 I like Arthur Penn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bonnie and Clyde

1 The Wrong Trousers, Fargo, Kramer vs. Kramer, Dead Again, Antonia's Line, Toy Story, and Henry V are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Peter Weir movie.	The Year of Living Dangerously
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mel Gibson, Sigourney Weaver, Peter Weir, indonesia
3 I rate australian movies. Any other suggestions?	Gallipoli

1 La Bamba, Dirty Dancing, Panther, The Jerk, House Party, Wyatt Earp, and The Birds are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a stallone movie.	Rocky II
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers
3 I like Rob Schneider movies more. Do you know anything else?	Judge Dredd

1 I liked The Maltese Falcon, Finding Nemo, Ran, Bambi, Some Like It Hot, Planet of the Apes, and The Little Mermaid. I'm looking for a Wim Wenders movie.	Wings of Desire
2 What else is that about?	German, berlin, Angel, Wim Wenders
3 I prefer Sam Shepard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Don't Come Knocking

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, The Client, The Silence of the Lambs, Rob Roy, Independence Day, In the Line of Fire, and Dances with Wolves are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Wesley Snipes movie.	Demolition Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Marco Brambilla
3 I like Guillermo del Toro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blade II

1 Casino Royale, Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Amélie, Memento, and Gladiator are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Following
2 What else is that about?	r, Christopher Nolan, noir
3 I rate Ken Watanabe movies. Any other suggestions?	Inception

1 RoboCop, The Abyss, Gladiator, Schindler's List, The Terminator, Notorious, and Lethal Weapon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	The Last Boy Scout
2 What else is that about?	Bruce Willis
3 I prefer twist movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sixth Sense

1 The Birdcage, Jurassic Park, In the Line of Fire, Speed, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Executive Decision, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I prefer Colin Firth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dorian Gray

1 The Deer Hunter, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Jerk, Ghostbusters, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, and Rushmore are films I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Palin movie.	A Fish Called Wanda
2 What else is that about?	John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline, fish, Michael Palin, Charles Crichton
3 I prefer satire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brazil

1 Tombstone, Dave, Johnny Mnemonic, Apollo 13, Forrest Gump, Coneheads, and The American President are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lion King
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
3 I rate James Caan movies. Any other suggestions?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 I loved Out of Sight, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Gods and Monsters, Life Is Beautiful, Elizabeth, Once Upon a Time in the West, and What About Bob?. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Waiting for Guffman
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest
3 I rate Jean Negulesco movies. Any other suggestions?	Daddy Long Legs

1 Back to the Future, The Usual Suspects, The Terminator, The Rock, Dances with Wolves, Reservoir Dogs, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Private Parts
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Bartel
3 I like Bobcat Goldthwait movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sleeping Dogs Lie

1 Lethal Weapon 4, Far and Away, Schindler's List, Happy Gilmore, Rush Hour, Meet the Parents, and Gladiator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Vincente Minnelli
3 I like Adrian Edmondson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Guest House Paradiso

1 Ran, Rushmore, Time Bandits, The Graduate, A Clockwork Orange, Brazil, and Mighty Aphrodite are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, War, national film registry, Epic, vietnam war, vietnam, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Joseph Conrad, heart of darkness
3 I rate poland movies. Any other suggestions?	Ashes and Diamonds

1 I watched the films Get Him to the Greek, Man on the Moon, Hot Fuzz, Inglourious Basterds, The Hangover, The Bourne Supremacy, and The Bourne Identity and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Final Destination
2 What else is that about?	franchise
3 I prefer drugs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Altered States

1 The Incredibles, My Dinner with Andre, Bambi, The Glenn Miller Story, The Greatest Show on Earth, Gattaca, and Hero are films I love. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Code 46
2 What else is that about?	soundtrack, Michael Winterbottom
3 I rate caper movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sting

1 Love Actually, Braveheart, While You Were Sleeping, Saving Private Ryan, Forrest Gump, L.A. Confidential, and Four Weddings and a Funeral are films I loved. I'm looking for a bridge movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness, Sessue Hayakawa

1 Antonia's Line, The Grapes of Wrath, Almost Famous, Vertigo, Dial M for Murder, The Terminator, and L.A. Story are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Nightmare Before Christmas
2 Who does that star?	Catherine O'Hara, Chris Sarandon, William Hickey, Danny Elfman
3 I rate Cate Blanchett movies. Any other suggestions?	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button

1 Sophie's Choice, The Sting, Reservoir Dogs, Ed Wood, Bonnie and Clyde, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Some Like It Hot are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a spain movie.	Barcelona
2 Who does that star?	Mira Sorvino, Chris Eigeman, Taylor Nichols
3 I prefer Lola Dueñas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Volver

1 I loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Argo, and The King's Speech. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Help
2 Who does that star?	Emma Stone, Viola Davis, Bryce Dallas Howard, Octavia Spencer
3 I rate Holly Hunter movies. Any other suggestions?	Once Around

1 I like Taxi Driver, The Matrix, All About Eve, 8½, Lifeforce, Lawrence of Arabia, and O Brother, Where Art Thou?. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Apartment Zero
2 What else is that about?	argentina, Martin Donovan
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thirteenth Floor

1 Judge Dredd, Schindler's List, The Usual Suspects, Independence Day, Nell, In the Line of Fire, and Shine are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Adventures of Pinocchio
2 Who does that star?	Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Martin Landau, Udo Kier
3 I rate Keith David movies. Any other suggestions?	Agent Cody Banks

1 Good Will Hunting, Life Is Beautiful, Braveheart, Trainspotting, The Usual Suspects, Election, and L.A. Confidential are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lolita
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Stanley Kubrick, controversial, Peter Sellers, literature, kubrick, James Mason, Lolita, Shelley Winters, Vladimir Nabokov
3 I like school movies more. Do you know anything else?	The History Boys

1 I like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Young Frankenstein, Shane, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, In the Heat of the Night, 12 Angry Men, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Vincente Minnelli movie.	An American in Paris
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Leslie Caron, Oscar Levant, Georges Guétary
3 I prefer Louis Jourdan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Madame Bovary

1 I loved Sense and Sensibility, Toy Story, Beauty and the Beast, Jurassic Park, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Grand Day Out, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a children movie.	Matilda
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, children, Danny DeVito, Roald Dahl, Embeth Davidtz
3 I like jeunet movies more. Do you know anything else?	The City of Lost Children

1 Back to the Future Part III, The Silence of the Lambs, The Enemy Below, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Hancock, Birdman of Alcatraz, and The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Scent of a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, new york city, Al Pacino, Philip Seymour Hoffman, school, 1, Chris O'Donnell, Martin Brest
3 I prefer controversial movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passion of the Christ

1 The Truman Show, Shrek, The Dark Crystal, Back to the Future, The Muppet Christmas Carol, White Christmas, and Thank You for Smoking are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ishtar
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Warren Beatty
3 I rate Tara Reid movies. Any other suggestions?	My Boss's Daughter

1 Die Hard, The Sting, Gladiator, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, The Bourne Identity, and Back to the Future are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Infernal Affairs
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Police, story, remade, hong kong, foreign language, Andy Lau, tony leung
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kopps

1 Splendor in the Grass, The Age of Innocence, Eyes Wide Shut, The Jerk, Taxi Driver, Jules and Jim, and The Iron Giant are movies I love. I'm looking for a Stanley Kubrick movie.	Killer's Kiss
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick

1 The Bucket List, True Lies, Bandits, Gone Girl, American Gangster, 21 Grams, and Harry Brown are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Virus movie.	The Crazies
2 What else is that about?	remake, Virus, Timothy Olyphant, Radha Mitchell, iowa
3 I prefer Mad Max movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Doomsday

1 I really like Bride Wars, Clueless, My Best Friend's Wedding, Spider-Man 2, Miss Congeniality, She's All That, and Coyote Ugly. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	American Wedding
2 Who is that directed by?	Jesse Dylan
3 I prefer Sharon Maguire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bridget Jones's Diary

1 Pulp Fiction, Beauty and the Beast, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Life Is Beautiful, The Princess Bride, Pretty Woman, and Amélie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Empire Records
2 Who is that directed by?	Allan Moyle
3 I like Mika Kaurismäki movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zombie and the Ghost Train

1 Gone with the Wind, Seven Samurai, Now, Voyager, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, My Dinner with Andre, Funny Girl, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Swept Away
2 Who does that star?	Giancarlo Giannini, Mariangela Melato
3 I like Frank Langella movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cutthroat Island

1 U Turn, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The African Queen, Fargo, Shakespeare in Love, The Godfather, and Sling Blade are films I really like. I'm looking for a Vincent D'Onofrio movie.	Mystic Pizza
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Vincent D'Onofrio, Lili Taylor, Annabeth Gish
3 I prefer R. Lee Ermey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Full Metal Jacket

1 Fight Club, Shrek, My Fair Lady, Con Air, X-Men, Gandhi, and Shanghai Noon are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wedding Crashers
2 Who is that directed by?	David Dobkin
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	Matilda

1 Sex, Lies, and Videotape, The Shawshank Redemption, The Game, Crimes and Misdemeanors, The Usual Suspects, The Full Monty, and The Sting are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	Splash
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, John Candy, Eugene Levy
3 I like Rick Moranis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spaceballs

1 A Bug's Life, A Beautiful Mind, F/X, Jerry Maguire, The Silence of the Lambs, Annie Hall, and Casualties of War are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Postcards from the Edge
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer David Lean movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lawrence of Arabia

1 I liked Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Little Big Man, Aladdin, Clerks, Aliens, Pulp Fiction, and Speed. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hard Boiled
2 What else is that about?	Action, undercover cop, hong kong, John Woo, gunfight, style, tony leung
3 I rate Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Any other suggestions?	Commando

1 I liked The Hustler, The 400 Blows, The 39 Steps, Double Indemnity, Seven Samurai, The Godfather, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Billy Wilder movie.	Stalag 17
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Opposite of Sex, Manhattan, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Diner, L.A. Story, and Strangers on a Train are movies I really like. I'm looking for a dalai lama movie.	Kundun
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, tibet, dalai lama
3 I rate 1 movies. Any other suggestions?	Seven Years in Tibet

1 The Princess Bride, The Secret of Roan Inish, The Crying Game, A Close Shave, Blade Runner, The Wizard of Oz, and After Life are films I loved. I'm looking for a Cate Blanchett movie.	Oscar and Lucinda
2 What else is that about?	Cate Blanchett
3 I like Jude Law movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Aviator

1 I like Father of the Bride Part II, The Fugitive, The Blues Brothers, The Big Sleep, The Lion King, Rear Window, and The Right Stuff. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I like Joe Ranft movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cars

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pulp Fiction, and Stop Making Sense are films I loved. I'm looking for a Revolution movie.	Persepolis
2 What else is that about?	War, French, Revolution, iran, autobiographical, Marjane Satrapi
3 I rate dystopian movies. Any other suggestions?	V for Vendetta

1 Grosse Pointe Blank, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Jaws, Being John Malkovich, Fight Club, Heathers, and Charlie's Angels are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Frighteners
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I like Rodman Flender movies more. Do you know anything else?	Idle Hands

1 I loved Inglourious Basterds, The Royal Tenenbaums, Dog Day Afternoon, The Hangover, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Pulp Fiction, and Pan's Labyrinth. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Super Troopers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jay Chandrasekhar
3 I rate supernatural movies. Any other suggestions?	Ghostbusters II

1 Bruce Almighty, To Kill a Mockingbird, Apocalypse Now, Up, Scarface, A Clockwork Orange, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	Meet the Feebles
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, r, Peter Jackson, new zealand, puppets
3 I like Australia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mary and Max

1 I love Across the Universe, August Rush, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Holiday
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Cary Grant, George Cukor, Katharine Hepburn
3 I like John Cleese movies more. Do you know anything else?	And Now for Something Completely Different

1 I love Big, My Left Foot, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Sense and Sensibility, Out of Africa, Farewell My Concubine, and Belle de Jour. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Airplane!
2 Who is that directed by?	David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, Jim Abrahams
3 I prefer Jake West movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Evil Aliens

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, King Kong, Roman Holiday, Pinocchio, The Wrong Trousers, Jaws, and Yankee Doodle Dandy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Ford movie.	My Darling Clementine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, John Ford
3 I like Rudyard Kipling movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wee Willie Winkie

1 A Fistful of Dollars, Duck Soup, Singin' in the Rain, A Clockwork Orange, Young Frankenstein, Yellow Submarine, and The Little Shop of Horrors are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Hang 'Em High
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, Ted Post
3 I rate spaghetti western movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Silence

1 The Maltese Falcon, Fargo, Casablanca, Blue Velvet, Ed Wood, Affliction, and City of God are movies I really like. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	Miller's Crossing
2 What else is that about?	coen brothers, John Turturro, great, Gabriel Byrne
3 I prefer Hailee Steinfeld movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	True Grit

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, As Good as It Gets, Fatal Attraction, Saving Private Ryan, Blue Velvet, The Shining, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a disability movie.	Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	r, disability, Billy Bob Thornton, John Ritter
3 I like Dakota Fanning movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Am Sam

1 How to Marry a Millionaire, Mickey Blue Eyes, Speed, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, The Good Girl, Crazy/Beautiful, and Romeo Must Die are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Amanda Peet movie.	The Whole Nine Yards
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Michael Clarke Duncan, Matthew Perry
3 I prefer Amr Waked movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Syriana

1 My Father's Glory, My Mother's Castle, Eat Drink Man Woman, Amélie, The Barbarian Invasions, Revolutionary Road, and Rachel Getting Married are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Broken English
2 Who does that star?	Marton Csokas, Julian Arahanga
3 I rate Robert Redford movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Waldo Pepper

1 American Beauty, Alien, The Wrong Trousers, The Silence of the Lambs, The Matrix, Dances with Wolves, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Terminator
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like Olivier Megaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Transporter 3

1 Vertigo, Cool Hand Luke, All About Eve, Cinema Paradiso, The Grifters, The Killing, and American Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 Who is that directed by?	Roy Del Ruth
3 I prefer Simon West movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wild Card

1 I loved The Quiet Man, Die Hard, A Fish Called Wanda, Raising Arizona, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Living in Oblivion, and James and the Giant Peach. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	To Kill a Mockingbird
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Mulligan
3 I prefer Michael Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shoes of the Fisherman

1 A Few Good Men, A Christmas Story, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Chariots of Fire, Primal Fear, Groundhog Day, and Tequila Sunrise are movies I liked. I'm looking for a caper movie.	The Sting
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Paul Newman, Robert Shaw
3 I rate Sidney Poitier movies. Any other suggestions?	Sneakers

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Forrest Gump, Dogma, The Boondock Saints, and Mallrats are films I really liked. I'm looking for a south park movie.	BASEketball
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Trey Parker, Matt Stone, David Zucker, Sport, south park

1 I watched the films Hotel Rwanda, Mary Poppins, The Sound of Music, Grease, and The Wrong Trousers and loved them. I'm looking for a Brad Bird movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I like anthropomorphic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ratatouille

1 Night of the Living Dead, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Ghostbusters, Memento, Donnie Darko, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Aliens are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I prefer Police movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Top Dog

1 I love The Matrix, A Beautiful Mind, and Inception. I'm looking for a Javier Bardem movie.	Skyfall
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, Daniel Craig, Judi Dench, Javier Bardem
3 I prefer Penélope Cruz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Counselor

1 I watched the films Shrek, Firestarter, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Patriot, Saving Private Ryan, Cujo, and Heavy Metal and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Piranha
2 What else is that about?	Joe Dante, Barbara Steele
3 I like Sam Raimi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Evil Dead II

1 First Knight, Sabrina, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Little Women, Jumanji, The American President, and The Rock are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Big Soldier

1 Forrest Gump, Bus 174, Little Miss Sunshine, Amélie, Before Sunset, Blade Runner, and Citizen Kane are films I really liked. I'm looking for a History movie.	Hero
2 What else is that about?	china, Jet Li, wuxia, Chinese, zhang yimou
3 I like Kirk Douglas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spartacus

1 I watched the films The Untouchables, Die Hard, Lethal Weapon, Forrest Gump, Entrapment, Stand by Me, and Backdraft and loved them. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	The Last Days of Disco
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Whit Stillman
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Deal on Madonna Street

1 Rebecca, The Original Kings of Comedy, All That Jazz, Lawrence of Arabia, Working Girl, A Clockwork Orange, and Sling Blade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Emily Mortimer movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Brown

1 I watched the films Big Fish, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, Donnie Darko, JFK, Happiness, and There's Something About Mary and loved them. I'm looking for a Memory movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I like Conspiracy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bourne Identity

1 The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Breakfast Club, Downfall, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Das Boot, The Sound of Music, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mervyn LeRoy movie.	Gypsy
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mervyn LeRoy
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Caesar

1 I like Dave, The Nutty Professor, Clerks, Down Periscope, The Crow, Tommy Boy, and Just Cause. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	Rockne S. O'Bannon
3 I prefer Maurice Hatton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Roulette

1 I love Liberal Arts, The Dark Knight Rises, The Hunger Games, Mansfield Park, and The Intouchables. I'm looking for a High School movie.	The Perks of Being a Wallflower
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Chbosky
3 I prefer Brian Dannelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Struck by Lightning

1 Cast Away, Donnie Darko, Forrest Gump, My Left Foot, Schindler's List, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Ken Watanabe movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I rate letters movies. Any other suggestions?	Letters from Iwo Jima

1 Toy Story 2, Ocean's Eleven, The Little Mermaid, The Bourne Ultimatum, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Toy Story, and The Breakfast Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gerard Butler movie.	300
2 What else is that about?	comic book, War, r, historical, Epic, Gerard Butler, visual, Frank Miller, Zack Snyder, graphic novel, comic, queen, king, thermopylae
3 I rate Emily Mortimer movies. Any other suggestions?	Dear Frankie

1 I love Bridget Jones's Diary, Shrek, Ice Age, Shrek 2, The Matrix, and Armageddon. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe
3 I prefer William Hickey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nightmare Before Christmas

1 I watched the films My Left Foot, Casablanca, Mr. Holland's Opus, Pulp Fiction, Les Misérables, Bicycle Thieves, and Gladiator and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sleepers
2 What else is that about?	r, Barry Levinson
3 I prefer spain movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara

1 The Rock, Eraser, Rumble in the Bronx, Fargo, The River Wild, Heat, and Dead Man Walking are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Diane Keaton movie.	Father of the Bride Part II
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Steve Martin, Martin Short
3 I prefer Katie Holmes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mad Money

1 A Clockwork Orange, The Silence of the Lambs, Shrek, Gladiator, City of God, Pulp Fiction, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are films I really like. I'm looking for a Cybill Shepherd movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like remake movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lady Vanishes

1 The Usual Suspects, The Good Shepherd, Pulp Fiction, Full Metal Jacket, The Pianist, The Lives of Others, and Brokeback Mountain are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Letters from Iwo Jima
2 Who is that directed by?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Delmer Daves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Destination Tokyo

1 Menace II Society, Fight Club, Freeway, Payback, The Breakfast Club, Casino, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Harvey Keitel movie.	Bad Lieutenant
2 What else is that about?	Harvey Keitel
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore

1 The Avengers, Iron Man 3, The Bourne Ultimatum, Casino Royale, Catch Me If You Can, Ocean's Thirteen, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Emma Stone movie.	Gangster Squad
2 What else is that about?	Action, Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone, Sean Penn, Josh Brolin, Ruben Fleischer
3 I prefer Woody Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Magic in the Moonlight

1 Seven Samurai, Once Upon a Time in America, Batman Begins, Traffic, The Sting, Platoon, and Grand Hotel are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, remade, Divorce, James Stewart, Cary Grant, George Cukor, Katharine Hepburn
3 I prefer Dashiell Hammett movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Satan Met a Lady

1 I like The Year of Living Dangerously, Frankenstein, The Pawnbroker, The Insider, 10 Things I Hate About You, The Sound of Music, and Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I'm looking for a Larisa Shepitko movie.	Wings
2 Who is that directed by?	Larisa Shepitko

1 An Officer and a Gentleman, The Princess Bride, Dog Day Afternoon, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, American Beauty, Being John Malkovich, and Bob Roberts are movies I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Spellbound
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, Gregory Peck, Ingrid Bergman
3 I prefer Dan Curtis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Burnt Offerings

1 Das Boot, The Terminator, Blade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Predator, Alien, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Ed Harris movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	State of Grace

1 Back to the Future, Gladiator, Scarface, Office Space, Requiem for a Dream, Fight Club, and Psycho are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an iran movie.	Persepolis
2 Who is that directed by?	Marjane Satrapi, Vincent Paronnaud
3 I prefer Jafar Panahi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Offside

1 I really liked The Gods Must Be Crazy, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Shining, The Big Lebowski, Shakespeare in Love, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Arsenic and Old Lace. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Serial Mom
2 Who is that directed by?	John Waters
3 I like Steve Pink movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hot Tub Time Machine 2

1 Independence Day, The Man Without a Face, La Femme Nikita, True Lies, Office Space, National Treasure, and A Time to Kill are movies I like. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Patch Adams
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Robin Williams, Tom Shadyac
3 I prefer Edward Norton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Death to Smoochy

1 Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	The Firm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, John Grisham, David Strathairn
3 I rate usa movies. Any other suggestions?	Runaway Jury

1 I liked U Turn, Around the World in Eighty Days, Body Snatchers, Natural Born Killers, The Blue Angel, The Piano, and Grease. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Pinocchio
2 Who is that directed by?	Wilfred Jackson, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen, Bill Roberts, Jack Kinney, Norman Ferguson, T. Hee
3 I prefer Norman Z. McLeod movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pennies from Heaven

1 I watched the films Stripes, American Beauty, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Airplane!, Boogie Nights, Big, and Raising Arizona and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fletch
2 Who does that star?	Chevy Chase, Joe Don Baker
3 I like Peter Sellers movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Party

1 West Side Story, The Seventh Seal, High Noon, Psycho, All About Eve, Raging Bull, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bonnie and Clyde
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Faye Dunaway, Warren Beatty, Michael J. Pollard
3 I rate Michael Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	Rob the Mob

1 I like Groundhog Day, The Apartment, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Beverly Hills Cop, The Godfather, Some Like It Hot, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love and Death
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Woody Allen
3 I prefer Christina Applegate movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Surviving Christmas

1 Patton, Matilda, Goodfellas, Diner, Die Hard, Sleeper, and Annie Hall are movies I really like. I'm looking for a revisionist western movie.	Little Big Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Arthur Penn

1 Full Metal Jacket, Saving Private Ryan, RoboCop, The Shawshank Redemption, The Princess Bride, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Empire of the Sun
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, japan, Steven Spielberg, Christian Bale, Prison, John Malkovich, na, j. g. ballard
3 I like Andrei Tarkovsky movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ivan's Childhood

1 I really like Highlander, Chinatown, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Blade Runner, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Vertigo, and Lost in Translation. I'm looking for an Action movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I rate Kevin Grevioux movies. Any other suggestions?	I, Frankenstein

1 I really liked Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Rushmore, Ronin, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Clear and Present Danger, and Outbreak. I'm looking for a lions movie.	The Ghost and the Darkness
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Michael Douglas
3 I prefer James Earl Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lion King

1 I really like The Apartment, Lawrence of Arabia, The Palm Beach Story, Singin' in the Rain, Ninotchka, Shrek, and Carnal Knowledge. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Crimes and Misdemeanors
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like Michael Anderson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shoes of the Fisherman

1 The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Cinema Paradiso, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Watership Down, Burnt by the Sun, Evil Dead II, and Jaws are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Ed Harris movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I like Jim Sturgess movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Way Back

1 Top Gun, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, The Horse Whisperer, The Right Stuff, Ulee's Gold, Sense and Sensibility, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	And the Band Played On
2 Who is that directed by?	Roger Spottiswoode
3 I rate Franklin J. Schaffner movies. Any other suggestions?	Nicholas and Alexandra

1 Apollo 13, Bad Boys, Hackers, Outbreak, Braveheart, Batman, and Beauty and the Beast are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Exit to Eden
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Rosie O'Donnell, Dana Delany, Paul Mercurio
3 I prefer Seth Rogen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	50/50

1 Lost Horizon, Around the World in Eighty Days, The Deer Hunter, Father of the Bride, The Love Bug, My Fair Lady, and The Maltese Falcon are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Being There
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, television, Peter Sellers, Hal Ashby
3 I prefer dark movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kontroll

1 Taxi Driver, Sin City, Titanic, Good Will Hunting, Alien, The King's Speech, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I love. I'm looking for a cult movie.	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
2 Who is that directed by?	Edgar Wright
3 I prefer Ethan Coen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fargo

1 Phenomenon, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Sound of Music, The Wizard of Oz, Forrest Gump, It's a Wonderful Life, and Blade Runner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I like Dracula movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dracula Has Risen from the Grave

1 Rocky, Total Recall, Demolition Man, The Lion King, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Jerk, and Hook are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Little Princess
2 Who does that star?	Liam Cunningham, Eleanor Bron, Liesel Matthews
3 I prefer Margaret O'Brien movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Secret Garden

1 Crimes and Misdemeanors, The Wizard of Oz, Fargo, Fantasia, Goodfellas, The Producers, and The Opposite of Sex are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Ashby
3 I rate Joel Schumacher movies. Any other suggestions?	D.C. Cab

1 I loved The Breakfast Club, High Fidelity, Touching the Void, Bad Santa, American Pie, Amélie, and Office Space. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cold Mountain
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Natalie Portman, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Epic, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, civil war, american civil war, Donald Sutherland, Anthony Minghella
3 I prefer John Sayles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Limbo

1 I like Philadelphia, Mortal Kombat, Courage Under Fire, Ed Wood, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Delmer Daves movie.	Broken Arrow
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I like Humphrey Bogart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dark Passage

1 Eddie, Fargo, Clueless, The Terminator, Psycho, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Blues Brothers are movies I love. I'm looking for a Goldie Hawn movie.	Private Benjamin
2 Who does that star?	Goldie Hawn
3 I prefer Ingrid Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cactus Flower

1 The Newton Boys, Halloween, The Goonies, Dracula, Hang 'Em High, The Mighty, and Kiss the Girls are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meatballs
2 Who does that star?	Bill Murray
3 I like Kieran Culkin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys

1 I loved Traffic, Eat Drink Man Woman, The Philadelphia Story, Pulp Fiction, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, and And the Band Played On. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Men of Honor
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro
3 I rate vietnam war movies. Any other suggestions?	The Deer Hunter

1 Miller's Crossing, Children of Men, Spirited Away, Delicatessen, The Big Lebowski, Memento, and The Maltese Falcon are films I like. I'm looking for a Memory movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, Elijah Wood
3 I like Sarah Polley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Nobody

1 The Lego Movie, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Despicable Me, The Illusionist, The Emperor's New Groove, and Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind are movies I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Wedding Crashers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Will Ferrell, Owen Wilson, Christopher Walken, wedding, Vince Vaughn, David Dobkin
3 I rate Stephen Frears movies. Any other suggestions?	Dirty Pretty Things

1 Groundhog Day, The Fisher King, Lethal Weapon, Hackers, The Man Without a Face, Braveheart, and The Truman Show are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amistad
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, Nigel Hawthorne
3 I prefer Laurence Fishburne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Five Fingers

1 I watched the films A Few Good Men, Rounders, Thinner, Apollo 13, The Negotiator, Mulholland Falls, and Demolition Man and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hard Target
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I like Ernie Barbarash movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ticking Clock

1 I really liked Waiting for Guffman, Frankenstein, The Dogs of War, Citizen Kane, Raising Arizona, Desperado, and To Die For. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Orgy of the Dead
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen C. Apostolof
3 I rate Takashi Miike movies. Any other suggestions?	The Happiness of the Katakuris

1 Pinocchio, All About Eve, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Anne Frank Remembered, Blade Runner, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Glory are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Happened One Night
2 Who does that star?	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert
3 I rate Rob Schneider movies. Any other suggestions?	The Chosen One

1 Braveheart, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Philadelphia, Outbreak, True Romance, and Heat are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	Red Rock West
2 What else is that about?	John Dahl
3 I rate Bill Pullman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Seduction

1 Saving Private Ryan, Men in Black, Get Shorty, Jurassic Park, Alien, The Fifth Element, and Speed are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Carl Sagan movie.	Contact
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, science, Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, first contact, Robert Zemeckis, hugo award, Carl Sagan

1 Raising Arizona, Rear Window, Apocalypse Now, Garden State, Princess Mononoke, American Beauty, and Vertigo are films I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness, Sessue Hayakawa
3 I rate Karen Black movies. Any other suggestions?	Five Easy Pieces

1 Crank, Mission to Mars, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Idiocracy, Snakes on a Plane, and Little Miss Sunshine are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	For Your Consideration
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest
3 I prefer Michael Lehmann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airheads

1 I like The Manchurian Candidate, The Santa Clause, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Bridge on the River Kwai, North by Northwest, The Big Sleep, and You've Got Mail. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	A Face in the Crowd
2 Who does that star?	Walter Matthau, Patricia Neal, Andy Griffith
3 I prefer Gloria Holden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dracula's Daughter

1 Barry Lyndon, Affliction, Titus, Jackie Brown, Platoon, High Tension, and Apocalypse Now are films I loved. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Melancholia
2 Who does that star?	Kirsten Dunst, Alexander Skarsgård, Charlotte Gainsbourg
3 I prefer Jim Carrey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 Rob Roy, The Mission, The Shining, The Remains of the Day, Delicatessen, The Untouchables, and Chariots of Fire are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Six-String Samurai
2 Who does that star?	Justin McGuire, Jeffrey Falcon
3 I like Charlie Sheen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hot Shots!

1 Pulp Fiction, 21 Grams, Batman, Amélie, The Fisher King, Addams Family Values, and American Beauty are films I loved. I'm looking for a river movie.	Aguirre, the Wrath of God
2 Who does that star?	Klaus Kinski
3 I like Joseph Mazzello movies more. Do you know anything else?	The River Wild

1 The Rock, Toy Story, Philadelphia, The Crow, The Birdcage, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins
3 I rate Eric Stoltz movies. Any other suggestions?	Fort McCoy

1 Groundhog Day, Back to the Future Part III, The Machinist, Miracle on 34th Street, Angel Heart, Barfly, and Jaws are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Beguiled
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Don Siegel
3 I prefer Ezra Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Another Happy Day

1 Cookie's Fortune, The Usual Suspects, Good Will Hunting, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Babe, Bowfinger, and Primary Colors are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Diane Lane movie.	A Walk on the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Diane Lane, Anna Paquin
3 I prefer Thelonious Bernard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Little Romance

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Night on Earth, Jacob's Ladder, Braveheart, Mighty Aphrodite, The Big Lebowski, and Heathers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	Who's Harry Crumb?
2 Who does that star?	Jeffrey Jones, John Candy, Annie Potts
3 I like Bob Newhart movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rescuers Down Under

1 It Happened One Night, All About Eve, The Hound of the Baskervilles, The Black Stallion, The Pink Panther, The Man Who Knew Too Much, and Shadow of the Thin Man are films I like. I'm looking for a William Powell movie.	Another Thin Man
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, William Powell, Myrna Loy, nick and nora charles
3 I rate Tay Garnett movies. Any other suggestions?	One Way Passage

1 Happy Gilmore, Apollo 13, Get Shorty, Short Cuts, Home Alone, The Godfather, and Das Boot are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	An Adventure in Space and Time

1 I watched the films Braveheart, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Demolition Man, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, and The Great Escape and loved them. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Swan Princess
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Musical, swan lake
3 I prefer Mamoru Oshii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angel's Egg

1 Aliens, Alien, and The Sting are films I loved. I'm looking for a noir movie.	Blade Runner
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Robert Rodriguez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sin City

1 My Own Private Idaho, My Bodyguard, The Apostle, The Color of Money, Smoke Signals, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Gods Must Be Crazy are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Henry James movie.	Washington Square
2 What else is that about?	Henry James
3 I rate Iain Softley movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wings of the Dove

1 I really like Bullet in the Head, Audition, Fight Club, Crash, Ichi the Killer, Chopper, and Halloween. I'm looking for a Werner Herzog movie.	Signs of Life
2 What else is that about?	Werner Herzog
3 I rate peru movies. Any other suggestions?	Fitzcarraldo

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, The Sixth Sense, The Fugitive, Fight Club, The Passion of the Christ, Casino, and Office Space are films I really like. I'm looking for a psychiatrist movie.	Analyze This
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Billy Crystal
3 I rate Jodie Foster movies. Any other suggestions?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 I really liked Juno, Notting Hill, Fargo, Memento, Chocolat, The Hours, and Keeping the Faith. I'm looking for a Ryan Gosling movie.	Murder by Numbers
2 What else is that about?	Sandra Bullock, Ryan Gosling, Michael Pitt, Barbet Schroeder
3 I rate Ryan Fleck movies. Any other suggestions?	Half Nelson

1 The Godfather, A Christmas Story, The Breakfast Club, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Pulp Fiction, Donnie Darko, and American Beauty are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Virgin Suicides
2 What else is that about?	r, suicide, 1970s, Kirsten Dunst, Sisters, Josh Hartnett, Sofia Coppola, Kathleen Turner, James Woods, Parents
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	13 Assassins

1 I really liked The Matrix, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I prefer Adam Sandler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Singer

1 Days of Thunder, Mallrats, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Wayne's World, Big Fish, Les Misérables, and Shrek are films I loved. I'm looking for a roger rabbit movie.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Animation, cartoon, Christopher Lloyd, private detective, Robert Zemeckis, Bob Hoskins, Kathleen Turner, roger rabbit

1 While You Were Sleeping, Get Shorty, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Pulp Fiction, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Mask, and Natural Born Killers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	The Piano
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, 19th century, new zealand, Harvey Keitel, piano, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin, Jane Campion
3 I prefer car crash movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fly Away Home

1 I really like The Little Mermaid, Rear Window, Aladdin, The Battle of Algiers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, All the President's Men, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Halloween
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I prefer Oren Peli movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paranormal Activity

1 I loved Traffic, Million Dollar Baby, The Sting, The Big Sleep, No Country for Old Men, Nightcrawler, and Mystic River. I'm looking for an odessa movie.	The Odessa File
2 What else is that about?	nazis, Ronald Neame, odessa, ss

1 I loved The Old Lady and the Pigeons, The Shawshank Redemption, Witness for the Prosecution, Fight Club, In the Name of the Father, 300, and Idiocracy. I'm looking for a british movie.	Human Traffic
2 What else is that about?	drugs, british
3 I like Kelly Macdonald movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trainspotting

1 I like Vertigo, Children of Paradise, Citizen Kane, Ran, Singin' in the Rain, Rear Window, and Othello. I'm looking for a Dirk Bogarde movie.	Death in Venice
2 Who is that directed by?	Luchino Visconti
3 I prefer Joseph Losey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Servant

1 Vertigo, Annie Hall, Up, The Science of Sleep, Manhattan, Rear Window, and Psycho are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mike Leigh movie.	Life Is Sweet
2 Who does that star?	Jim Broadbent, Jane Horrocks, Alison Steadman, Claire Skinner
3 I prefer Lesley Manville movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Another Year

1 Searching for Bobby Fischer, Primal Fear, In the Name of the Father, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, Billy Madison, and Toy Story are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tommy Boy
2 Who does that star?	David Spade, Chris Farley
3 I prefer Michael Angarano movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sky High

1 A Christmas Story, Sling Blade, North by Northwest, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Sixth Sense, Double Indemnity, and The Manchurian Candidate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wrong Box

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Sling Blade, Fargo, Requiem for a Dream, American Beauty, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I like Jeremy Irons movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man in the Iron Mask

1 Spirited Away, The Pianist, City of God, The Dark Knight, The Andromeda Strain, Apocalypto, and Gravity are films I really liked. I'm looking for a tarantino movie.	Death Proof
2 What else is that about?	Quentin Tarantino, Cars, tarantino, Kurt Russell, Grindhouse, Rosario Dawson, homage, Mary Elizabeth Winstead
3 I rate cast movies. Any other suggestions?	Jackie Brown

1 Blue Jasmine, Alien, Life of Pi, Jurassic Park, Evil Dead II, The Matrix, and Do the Right Thing are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rachel Weisz movie.	The Fountain
2 What else is that about?	space, religion, History, Love, Hugh Jackman, Rachel Weisz, cancer, Darren Aronofsky, mortality
3 I prefer Daniel Craig movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dream House

1 Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Edward Scissorhands, Donnie Darko, Batman Begins, and Magnolia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Army of Darkness
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I rate Terry Gilliam movies. Any other suggestions?	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus

1 It Happened One Night, What Dreams May Come, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love, Take the Money and Run, Drowning Mona, and Pleasantville are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mystery Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Kinka Usher
3 I prefer David Kaplan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Today's Special

1 I watched the films Wild Things, The One, Shrek, American History X, Three Kings, The Silence of the Lambs, and Bad Boys and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I like Robert De Niro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hide and Seek

1 I really like Apocalypse Now, Duck Soup, Gummo, The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, Dead Man, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, and My Neighbor Totoro. I'm looking for a Roy Andersson movie.	Songs from the Second Floor
2 Who is that directed by?	Roy Andersson

1 The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, A Close Shave, Hard Boiled, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Toy Story, and The Fly are movies I liked. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I rate execution movies. Any other suggestions?	The Horror Show

1 Amélie, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Witness for the Prosecution, People Will Talk, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Monsters, Inc., and The Right Stuff are films I loved. I'm looking for a nick and nora charles movie.	Shadow of the Thin Man
2 What else is that about?	nick and nora charles
3 I prefer Edward Buzzell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Song of the Thin Man

1 I liked Meet the Parents, Remember the Titans, The Sound of Music, Shrek, A Knight's Tale, My Best Friend's Wedding, and Runaway Bride. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Superstar
2 Who does that star?	Will Ferrell, Molly Shannon, Elaine Hendrix, Harland Williams
3 I like John Turturro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Deeds

1 I really like Full Metal Jacket, From Russia with Love, The Birds, The Dark Crystal, Mr. Nice Guy, Beauty and the Beast, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Maria Bello movie.	Permanent Midnight
2 What else is that about?	Drama, television, Maria Bello, Elizabeth Hurley
3 I like Michael Sheen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beautiful Boy

1 Romeo + Juliet, Bulworth, L.A. Confidential, and The Truman Show are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Albert Brooks movie.	Broadcast News
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, television, William Hurt, Albert Brooks, Holly Hunter, James L. Brooks
3 I prefer Leelee Sobieski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My First Mister

1 I liked Heat, The Time Machine, Paycheck, Men of Honor, Eagle Eye, The Matrix, and The Crow. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Contract
2 What else is that about?	r, Morgan Freeman, assassin
3 I like Dreams movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Science of Sleep

1 Natural Born Killers, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, Batman Forever, The Silence of the Lambs, Clueless, and The Fugitive are films I really like. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Outbreak
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo
3 I rate Tate Donovan movies. Any other suggestions?	Clean and Sober

1 The Killing Fields, The Magnificent Seven, The African Queen, Apocalypse Now, Starship Troopers, Fargo, and Galaxy Quest are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Casablanca
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid
3 I prefer Jena Malone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Messenger

1 I love The Godfather, The English Patient, Schindler's List, Patriot Games, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Witness, and Seven Years in Tibet. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Waiting for Guffman
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Christopher Guest, Fred Willard, Eugene Levy, Parker Posey
3 I prefer Catherine Deneuve movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dancer in the Dark

1 Rocky V, Rocky II, Remember the Titans, Major League, Baby Boy, The Fugitive, and Rocky are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lean on Me
2 Who is that directed by?	John G. Avildsen
3 I prefer Will Bakke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Believe Me

1 The Day the Earth Stood Still, Forrest Gump, The Wizard of Oz, Aliens, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shawshank Redemption, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Red Dawn
2 Who does that star?	Chris Hemsworth, Josh Hutcherson, Adrianne Palicki, Josh Peck
3 I prefer Van Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Go for Broke!

1 Bad Education, The Mask, Basic Instinct, The Big Lebowski, Desperado, Amélie, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Shadyac movie.	Liar Liar
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jim Carrey, Tom Shadyac
3 I like Morgan Freeman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Evan Almighty

1 I watched the films To Kill a Mockingbird, Vertigo, North by Northwest, Throne of Blood, Mary Poppins, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail and loved them. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Rear Window
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, suspense, murder, national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr
3 I prefer Short movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Short Film About Killing

1 I watched the films The Man Who Cried, Matilda, High Art, House on Haunted Hill, The Next Best Thing, The Dead Zone, and Bounce and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Rollerball
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Norman Jewison
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 Animal House, Much Ado About Nothing, Unforgiven, The Blues Brothers, From Russia with Love, Mighty Aphrodite, and Gone with the Wind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
2 Who does that star?	Oliver Reed, Eric Idle, Sarah Polley, John Neville
3 I like Charlize Theron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Snow White and the Huntsman

1 Lethal Weapon 4, Forrest Gump, Lethal Weapon, Heathers, The Rock, French Kiss, and Licence to Kill are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamra Davis
3 I prefer Randall Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Class Act

1 I liked Cape Fear, The Last of the Mohicans, The Dirty Dozen, The Poseidon Adventure, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Outlaw Josey Wales, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Carol Reed movie.	Mutiny on the Bounty
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Marlon Brando, Carol Reed, Lewis Milestone, Trevor Howard, ultra panavision 70
3 I prefer James Mason movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Odd Man Out

1 Memento, Dead Poets Society, The Shining, The Truman Show, The Matrix, A Clockwork Orange, and Fight Club are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Machinist
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Jennifer Jason Leigh, John Sharian
3 I prefer Tyler Perry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone Girl

1 I really liked Fargo, Raging Bull, The Shawshank Redemption, A Fish Called Wanda, Harold and Maude, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for an altman movie.	The Player
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman

1 Addams Family Values, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Casablanca, The Matrix, A Bug's Life, MASH, and Strictly Ballroom are movies I like. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	L.A. Story
2 What else is that about?	surreal, story, los angeles, Steve Martin, tv, Mick Jackson, weather forecaster
3 I rate Julianne Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Short Cuts

1 Modern Times, The Dead Zone, Sweet Smell of Success, Once Upon a Time in America, Cape Fear, His Girl Friday, and The Manchurian Candidate are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mohsen Makhmalbaf movie.	Gabbeh
2 What else is that about?	Mohsen Makhmalbaf

1 The Fugitive, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Dave, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, Get Shorty, and The American President are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I like Benjamin Ross movies more. Do you know anything else?	RKO 281

1 The Last Picture Show, M, The Birds, Nashville, L.A. Confidential, Short Cuts, and Taxi Driver are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edmund Goulding movie.	Grand Hotel
2 Who does that star?	Greta Garbo
3 I prefer Gene Tierney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Razor's Edge

1 Fight Club, Copycat, Double Jeopardy, Serial Mom, The Fifth Element, Spider-Man 2, and Good Will Hunting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Wrestler
2 Who does that star?	Marisa Tomei, Mickey Rourke, Evan Rachel Wood
3 I rate Antonio Banderas movies. Any other suggestions?	Play It to the Bone

1 Saving Private Ryan, Glory, Casablanca, Gladiator, High Noon, The Shining, and Rocky are films I like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Wrestler
2 Who does that star?	Marisa Tomei, Mickey Rourke, Evan Rachel Wood
3 I prefer Vanessa Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Futuresport

1 Swingers, Fargo, and Jerry Maguire are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suicide, Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I prefer Melissa McCarthy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nines

1 Shakespeare in Love, Crimson Tide, Philadelphia, To Kill a Mockingbird, Places in the Heart, A Fish Called Wanda, and Bound are films I liked. I'm looking for a bond movie.	The World Is Not Enough
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Apted
3 I like Terence Young movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dr. No

1 Toy Story 3, Finding Nemo, Brave, Megamind, How to Train Your Dragon, Spy Game, and Ratatouille are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Summer Wars
2 What else is that about?	anime, Family, hacking, Japanese, Mamoru Hosoda
3 I like Pete Docter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Up

1 Kramer vs. Kramer, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Seven Beauties, Citizen Kane, Faust, Glory, and Pinocchio are films I love. I'm looking for a Bette Davis movie.	Now, Voyager
2 Who does that star?	Claude Rains, Paul Henreid, Bette Davis
3 I like Ann Dvorak movies more. Do you know anything else?	Three on a Match

1 I like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Reservoir Dogs, Vertigo, Sin City, The Maltese Falcon, Braveheart, and Children of Men. I'm looking for an Alan Moore movie.	V for Vendetta
2 Who is that directed by?	James McTeigue
3 I prefer Zack Snyder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Watchmen

1 Juno, Superbad, Training Day, The Bourne Ultimatum, Inception, Lord of War, and Spider-Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American History X
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Kaye
3 I prefer Patty Jenkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monster

1 I really liked Apollo 13, Ed Wood, Muriel's Wedding, Aladdin, Clerks, The Birdcage, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jeffrey
2 Who does that star?	Steven Weber
3 I prefer Elke Sommer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!

1 Mean Streets, The Game, On the Waterfront, Killer's Kiss, Rear Window, The Philadelphia Story, and Dead Ringers are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Solaris
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, cinematography, psychological, slow, meditative, Russian, memories, sf, Andrei Tarkovsky, space station, conscience, tarkovsky
3 I rate foreign language movies. Any other suggestions?	Evil

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Fargo, To Kill a Mockingbird, Pulp Fiction, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Swingers, and Stand by Me are movies I liked. I'm looking for an usa movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Prison, death, Sean Penn, usa, book, Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon, death row
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Schindler's List

1 I love Natural Born Killers, Aladdin, Blade Runner, The Shawshank Redemption, Leaving Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a mexico movie.	Desperado
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Robert Rodriguez, mexico, Antonio Banderas
3 I rate Revenge movies. Any other suggestions?	Revenge

1 Schindler's List, The Spanish Prisoner, Get Real, The Opposite of Sex, A Grand Day Out, The Usual Suspects, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I love. I'm looking for an apartment movie.	Delicatessen
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, apartment, jeunet
3 I rate Divorce movies. Any other suggestions?	Dark Water

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Traffic, Schindler's List, Finding Forrester, The Usual Suspects, Harold and Maude, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Raising Arizona
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, coen brothers, Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, Arizona
3 I rate criterion movies. Any other suggestions?	Shadows in Paradise

1 Gandhi, The Right Stuff, 12 Angry Men, Vertigo, A Walk on the Moon, Quiz Show, and Rounders are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, War, national film registry, Epic, vietnam war, vietnam, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Joseph Conrad, heart of darkness
3 I like alzheimer's disease movies more. Do you know anything else?	Still Alice

1 Clueless, The Fugitive, Dogma, Real Genius, Chicago, The Little Mermaid, and French Kiss are movies I love. I'm looking for an Emily Mortimer movie.	The Pink Panther
2 What else is that about?	Jean Reno, Steve Martin, Kevin Kline, Emily Mortimer
3 I rate Ryan Reynolds movies. Any other suggestions?	Chaos Theory

1 I liked The Talented Mr. Ripley, Sense and Sensibility, Stargate, Under Siege, Lethal Weapon, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a women movie.	Steel Magnolias
2 Who is that directed by?	Herbert Ross
3 I prefer Hugh Wilson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The First Wives Club

1 American History X, The Fast and the Furious, 300, Die Hard 2, The Transporter, Die Hard, and Law Abiding Citizen are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Whole Nine Yards
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bruce Willis, Matthew Perry, Amanda Peet, Jonathan Lynn
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beat the Devil

1 Patton, Bread and Tulips, The Good Earth, Lord of the Flies, Get Shorty, The Shawshank Redemption, and El Dorado are films I really liked. I'm looking for a San Francisco movie.	Butterflies Are Free
2 What else is that about?	San Francisco
3 I prefer classic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vertigo

1 The Princess Bride, Lawrence of Arabia, North by Northwest, Run Lola Run, Singin' in the Rain, West Side Story, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	My Fair Lady
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor
3 I prefer Michael Lehmann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airheads

1 I loved Clerks, Unforgiven, Casablanca, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Hunt for Red October, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Cop Land
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Sylvester Stallone, Harvey Keitel, Ray Liotta
3 I like Raquel Welch movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Biggest Bundle of Them All

1 Speed, Legends of the Fall, Tombstone, A Walk in the Clouds, Outbreak, Dead Man Walking, and Father of the Bride Part II are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Joel Schumacher movie.	The Client
2 Who does that star?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon
3 I rate Samuel L. Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	A Time to Kill

1 Fight Club, Blade Runner, Hackers, Trainspotting, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, and Big are films I really like. I'm looking for a lily cole movie.	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Plummer, Andrew Garfield

1 Metropolis, Risky Business, Blade Runner, Bad Lieutenant, The Tin Drum, The Funeral, and Jacob's Ladder are films I like. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Bound
2 What else is that about?	lesbian, mafia, directorial debut, lesbian character, Gina Gershon, Jennifer Tilly
3 I like The Beatles movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Wanna Hold Your Hand

1 The Social Network, Catch Me If You Can, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, Blow, Bruce Almighty, and The Butterfly Effect are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Monster
2 Who does that star?	Lon Chaney, Johnny Arthur
3 I rate Natalie Portman movies. Any other suggestions?	Your Highness

1 Gandhi, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sixth Sense, Spy Game, Dune, Rain Man, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I really like. I'm looking for a funny movie.	The Emperor's New Groove
2 What else is that about?	funny, disney, G
3 I rate Ang Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ice Storm

1 Legend, Blade Runner, The Terminator, The Sound of Music, Superman, Spaceballs, and The Abyss are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Big Trouble in Little China
2 Who does that star?	Kurt Russell, Kim Cattrall, James Hong, Dennis Dun
3 I like Lou Diamond Phillips movies more. Do you know anything else?	Renegades

1 Swimming with Sharks, Bound, GoldenEye, True Lies, The Fifth Element, Trainspotting, and Eraser are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Last Action Hero
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Fantasy, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, John McTiernan, Charles Dance
3 I rate gangs movies. Any other suggestions?	Crows Zero

1 High Noon, Casablanca, Arsenic and Old Lace, Harvey, Hamlet, Wonder Boys, and Rushmore are films I like. I'm looking for a Heather Graham movie.	Two Girls and a Guy
2 What else is that about?	Heather Graham
3 I prefer Bridget Moynahan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gray Matters

1 Jurassic Park, Titanic, The Devil Wears Prada, American Beauty, Rat Race, The Prince of Egypt, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Doubt
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meryl Streep, Amy Adams, Viola Davis, John Patrick Shanley
3 I like Keanu Reeves movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thumbsucker

1 Searching for Bobby Fischer, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, In the Line of Fire, The Fugitive, Murder in the First, Speed, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a David Anspaugh movie.	Rudy
2 What else is that about?	sports, football, Sean Astin, David Anspaugh
3 I prefer Gene Hackman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hoosiers

1 I like Braveheart and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Joker movie.	The Dark Knight
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, story, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Batman, Heath Ledger, Christopher Nolan, Maggie Gyllenhaal, dc comics, editing, comics, Aaron Eckhart, imax, Joker, No
3 I prefer Michael Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Batman

1 I like Inception, Akira, City of God, Hotel Rwanda, The Fifth Element, Schindler's List, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Who Killed the Electric Car?
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, Cars, California, oil, general motors
3 I like uganda movies more. Do you know anything else?	Call Me Kuchu

1 The Conformist, Trainspotting, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, While You Were Sleeping, Lone Star, 8½, and Hope and Glory are films I really like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Frida
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Biography, biopic, painter, Salma Hayek, Alfred Molina, Julie Taymor
3 I rate fashion movies. Any other suggestions?	Saint Laurent

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, North by Northwest, Pulp Fiction, The Maltese Falcon, The Untouchables, His Girl Friday, and The Great Escape are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Sting
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, soundtrack, complicated, Robert Redford, Paul Newman, caper, con men, George Roy Hill, Robert Shaw, con, Sting, cons
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Payment Deferred

1 The Net, Eye for an Eye, My Family, A Walk in the Clouds, Sleepless in Seattle, The Silence of the Lambs, and Cutthroat Island are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Bad Girls
2 What else is that about?	Drew Barrymore, Andie MacDowell, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I prefer violence movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wild Bunch

1 Fargo, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, Lone Star, The Usual Suspects, and Hoop Dreams are films I loved. I'm looking for a Love movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Tom Sizemore, Juliette Lewis
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Manhattan

1 I really liked Sophie's Choice, Gandhi, Lawrence of Arabia, In the Name of the Father, The Matrix, Cinema Paradiso, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Hugo
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Chloë Grace Moretz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Asa Butterfield
3 I like Irrfan Khan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life of Pi

1 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Almost Famous, Run Lola Run, I Am Sam, Little Children, The Illusionist, and Italian for Beginners are films I like. I'm looking for an Anne Hathaway movie.	Rachel Getting Married
2 What else is that about?	r, Anne Hathaway, Jonathan Demme
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bride Wars

1 I really like Fargo, Night on Earth, Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, Finding Nemo, The Jungle Book, The City of Lost Children, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Once Upon a Time in America
2 What else is that about?	Crime, friendship, organized crime, Robert De Niro, Sergio Leone, James Woods
3 I rate shipwreck movies. Any other suggestions?	Life of Pi

1 Wild Things, The Mummy, Pulp Fiction, Cruel Intentions, The Iron Giant, Monsters, Inc., and The Game are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Varsity Blues
2 What else is that about?	High School, sports, football, Texas
3 I rate criterion movies. Any other suggestions?	White Dog

1 The American President, The Usual Suspects, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, fairy tale, national film registry, animated, fairy-tale
3 I rate Radio movies. Any other suggestions?	A Prairie Home Companion

1 Beauty and the Beast, Happy Gilmore, Ice Age, It's a Wonderful Life, Moulin Rouge!, The Mummy, and Equilibrium are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Matchstick Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Nicolas Cage, Ridley Scott, Sam Rockwell, Alison Lohman
3 I like gay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Why Not Me?

1 The Grifters, Total Recall, The Maltese Falcon, The Exorcist, Richard III, JFK, and Poltergeist are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Dead Zone
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Walken, Tom Skerritt, Herbert Lom, Brooke Adams
3 I rate Eileen Heckart movies. Any other suggestions?	No Way to Treat a Lady

1 Army of Darkness, Akira, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Blade Runner, Fargo, The Last of the Mohicans, and Trainspotting are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Desperado
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Robert Rodriguez, mexico, Antonio Banderas
3 I rate Andrzej Bartkowiak movies. Any other suggestions?	Cradle 2 the Grave

1 Airplane!, West Side Story, Fight Club, Rain Man, Natural Born Killers, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Johnny Dangerously
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Maureen Stapleton, Marilu Henner, Joe Piscopo
3 I rate Senta Berger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ambushers

1 I watched the films Bowling for Columbine, Almost Famous, L.A. Confidential, The Shawshank Redemption, Carlito's Way, Office Space, and Blade Runner and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Les Misérables
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried
3 I prefer Janet Landgard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Swimmer

1 I really like Forrest Gump, Showgirls, In the Line of Fire, Miracle on 34th Street, Speed, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Home Alone. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Mortal Kombat
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lambert, Robin Shou, Linden Ashby
3 I like Andy On movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Legend

1 The Usual Suspects, The Graduate, Braveheart, The Celebration, Chariots of Fire, Burnt by the Sun, and The Sting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Curtiz movie.	Casablanca
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid
3 I rate Lauren Bacall movies. Any other suggestions?	Young Man with a Horn

1 Strangers on a Train, A Fish Called Wanda, Airplane!, Cinema Paradiso, My Favorite Year, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Killing are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I like assassin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Day of the Jackal

1 I really like An Ideal Husband, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Pulp Fiction, Paper Moon, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Go. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Good Thief
2 Who does that star?	Nick Nolte, Nutsa Kukhianidze
3 I rate Robert De Niro movies. Any other suggestions?	Mean Streets

1 West Side Story, A Hard Day's Night, Jules and Jim, All About Eve, A Streetcar Named Desire, Solaris, and My Favorite Year are films I really like. I'm looking for a stage movie.	A Man for All Seasons
2 What else is that about?	stage, Fred Zinnemann, Paul Scofield
3 I rate Elizabeth Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?

1 Kingpin, Crimson Tide, The Usual Suspects, Lawrence of Arabia, Groundhog Day, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Sneakers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Three Kings
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, r, satirical, George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, iraq, David O. Russell, gulf war, Ice Cube
3 I like Richard Boleslawski movies more. Do you know anything else?	Theodora Goes Wild

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, Evita, Spartacus, Clerks, Hamlet, and The Truman Show are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Black Mask
2 What else is that about?	Jet Li
3 I prefer france movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Transporter

1 Vampires, The Puppet Masters, Aliens, RoboCop, But I'm a Cheerleader, Romancing the Stone, and Jaws are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Roger Moore movie.	Moonraker
2 What else is that about?	space, james bond, bond, Roger Moore
3 I rate 007 movies. Any other suggestions?	For Your Eyes Only

1 I really like Spy Game, The Green Mile, Vanilla Sky, The Sum of All Fears, Mallrats, The Matrix, and Old School. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Proof of Life
2 What else is that about?	r, Russell Crowe, Meg Ryan, David Morse
3 I like Sebastian Stan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Covenant

1 I love Reign of Fire, The Shawshank Redemption, The Butterfly Effect, Pandorum, Black Hawk Down, Equilibrium, and Face/Off. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Supremacy
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, assassin, Matt Damon, Conspiracy, amnesia, cia, spy, Julia Stiles, Robert Ludlum, Paul Greengrass
3 I like John Frankenheimer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Challenge

1 Fargo, American Beauty, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Vertigo, Eyes Wide Shut, Platoon, and Dances with Wolves are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	M
2 Who is that directed by?	Fritz Lang
3 I rate Stephen Frears movies. Any other suggestions?	My Beautiful Laundrette

1 Beetlejuice, Blade, Back to the Future, Independence Day, Poltergeist, Carrie, and The Terminator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Vampires, vampire, Joss Whedon, Donald Sutherland, Paul Reubens
3 I prefer Frank Capra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It Happened One Night

1 Troy, Gladiator, Life Is Beautiful, The Hunt for Red October, The Exorcist, Pinocchio, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a James Mangold movie.	Identity
2 Who is that directed by?	James Mangold

1 The Green Mile, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Pearl Harbor, Back to the Future, Schindler's List, Good Morning, Vietnam, and Girl, Interrupted are movies I like. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Save the Last Dance
2 What else is that about?	dance, Julia Stiles, Thomas Carter
3 I rate charlie chaplin movies. Any other suggestions?	Limelight

1 Dangerous Liaisons, Toy Story, Wag the Dog, Dark City, Waiting for Guffman, Ordinary People, and A Close Shave are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kiss Me, Guido
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Vitale
3 I prefer Jack Arnold movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hello Down There

1 Strangers on a Train, Young Frankenstein, Winter Light, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Producers, and Roman Holiday are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Synecdoche, New York
2 Who does that star?	Philip Seymour Hoffman
3 I prefer Mark Strong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Day of the Falcon

1 The Pianist, Groundhog Day, The Shawshank Redemption, All the President's Men, Vertigo, Summer of '42, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Picture of Dorian Gray
2 Who does that star?	George Sanders, Hurd Hatfield
3 I like William Mapother movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hurt

1 Lovers of the Arctic Circle, The Chorus, Dancer in the Dark, House of Fools, The Princess and the Warrior, Pan's Labyrinth, and Last Life in the Universe are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ben X
2 Who is that directed by?	Nic Balthazar
3 I like Cecil B. DeMille movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Godless Girl

1 I loved The Journey of August King, Wild Reeds, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Kansas City, McHale's Navy, Palookaville, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a decent movie.	August
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Hopkins

1 I loved The Bridge on the River Kwai, A Clockwork Orange, Forbidden Planet, Patton, Fargo, Cool Hand Luke, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	M. Butterfly
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Salvador

1 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Big Lebowski, Strangers on a Train, His Girl Friday, Singin' in the Rain, The Shop Around the Corner, and Drive are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twentieth Century
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Howard Hawks, John Barrymore
3 I prefer Brad Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Next Stop Wonderland

1 I love Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Fargo, Reservoir Dogs, Poltergeist, The Usual Suspects, and The Omen. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Character
2 Who does that star?	Jan Decleir, Fedja van Huêt, Betty Schuurman

1 I like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Blind Side, Four Lions, Gran Torino, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Step Brothers, and Into the Wild. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Letters to Juliet
2 Who does that star?	Amanda Seyfried, Gael García Bernal
3 I rate Aqib Khan movies. Any other suggestions?	West Is West

1 Fight Club, Miller's Crossing, Pulp Fiction, Donnie Darko, A Clockwork Orange, Ocean's Eleven, and Aliens are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a noir movie.	Brick
2 What else is that about?	High School, r, dialogue, directorial debut, detective, noir, Rian Johnson
3 I rate japan movies. Any other suggestions?	Stray Dog

1 The Philadelphia Story, The Grifters, Annie Hall, Blade Runner, Casablanca, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Rushmore are films I loved. I'm looking for a Robert Altman movie.	Cookie's Fortune
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate los angeles movies. Any other suggestions?	Short Cuts

1 Casablanca, Animal House, Cocoon, Bowfinger, An Affair to Remember, Braveheart, and Citizen Kane are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Blue Hawaii
2 What else is that about?	Elvis
3 I like Elvis Presley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jailhouse Rock

1 8½, Cinema Paradiso, Gandhi, To Kill a Mockingbird, Dead Poets Society, Stand by Me, and Sex, Lies, and Videotape are films I really like. I'm looking for a Swedish movie.	My Life as a Dog
2 Who is that directed by?	Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer Ruben Östlund movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Force Majeure

1 I liked Young Frankenstein, Manhattan, Peeping Tom, Flirting with Disaster, The Matrix, Being There, and Charade. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Goodbye Lover
2 Who does that star?	Patricia Arquette, Dermot Mulroney, Ellen DeGeneres

1 Toy Story 2, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Sting, Dog Day Afternoon, Rebecca, Memento, and Unforgiven are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	La Strada
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Italian, Federico Fellini, Anthony Quinn, fellini, Giulietta Masina
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cardinal

1 I really like Das Boot, The Silence of the Lambs, Vanya on 42nd Street, The Graduate, The Grifters, You Can Count on Me, and The Longest Yard. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Abominable Dr. Phibes
2 Who does that star?	Joseph Cotten, Vincent Price
3 I rate Susan Strasberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Manitou

1 Living in Oblivion, The Wrong Trousers, Delicatessen, Aliens, Trust, Brazil, and Annie Hall are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Shine
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Australia, Geoffrey Rush, Scott Hicks
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chapter Two

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Beetlejuice, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, North by Northwest, Three Kings, Gosford Park, and Edward Scissorhands are movies I love. I'm looking for a Kiefer Sutherland movie.	A Few Good Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, murder, Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, courtroom, courtroom drama, lawyers, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland, court, Demi Moore, lawyer, Rob Reiner, law, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Pollak, cruise
3 I like Horror movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mirrors

1 Blade Runner, Ghost in the Shell, The Sixth Sense, Secretary, The Fifth Element, Fight Club, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Satoshi Kon movie.	Perfect Blue
2 What else is that about?	japan, Stalker, Satoshi Kon
3 I rate susumu hirasawa movies. Any other suggestions?	Paprika

1 Back to the Future Part III, Blast from the Past, Clear and Present Danger, Maverick, Young Einstein, A Christmas Story, and Practical Magic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Herbie Goes Bananas
2 Who does that star?	Cloris Leachman
3 I rate Bill Bixby movies. Any other suggestions?	The Apple Dumpling Gang

1 I really liked Do the Right Thing, Schindler's List, A Hard Day's Night, L.A. Confidential, Farinelli, The Philadelphia Story, and Holiday Inn. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like Jean Renoir movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rules of the Game

1 Hoop Dreams, Cinderella, The Color Purple, Sling Blade, Airplane!, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and The Blues Brothers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Modern Times
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, charlie chaplin, great depression, Chaplin, Paulette Goddard
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Murphy's Romance

1 Casablanca, The Shawshank Redemption, Blow, Gladiator, Unforgiven, Traffic, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I love. I'm looking for a marvel movie.	Blade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Vampires, marvel, vampire, Wesley Snipes, Stephen Norrington
3 I like funny movies more. Do you know anything else?	Howard the Duck

1 Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Home Alone, I.Q., Copycat, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I like High School movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heathers

1 I liked Shrek, Finding Nemo, Toy Story 2, The Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, Batman, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fifth Element
2 Who is that directed by?	Luc Besson
3 I rate Andy Cheng movies. Any other suggestions?	End Game

1 Almost Famous, Bend It Like Beckham, Fight Club, Strictly Ballroom, and Monsoon Wedding are films I really liked. I'm looking for a thailand movie.	Anna and the King
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, 19th century, thailand, siam
3 I prefer Ken Jeong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hangover Part II

1 The Shining, Alien, Pulp Fiction, Rear Window, Ran, Total Recall, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Julie Taymor movie.	Titus
2 Who is that directed by?	Julie Taymor

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, A Grand Day Out, Billy Elliot, Spider-Man, Little Voice, and Waiting for Guffman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Nosferatu
2 Who does that star?	Max Schreck
3 I prefer Red Skelton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Whistling in Brooklyn

1 I really liked Fargo, Hoop Dreams, Casablanca, Pulp Fiction, Babe, The Maltese Falcon, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I prefer Hector Babenco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carandiru

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Social Network, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I love. I'm looking for a survival movie.	127 Hours
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I prefer Kevin Macdonald movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Touching the Void

1 Airplane!, Repo Man, The Sound of Music, The Thing, Gone with the Wind, The Godfather, and James and the Giant Peach are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Conversation
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Harrison Ford, library, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Francis Ford Coppola
3 I prefer Denis Villeneuve movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prisoners

1 I really like E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Chinatown, Alien, The Big Sleep, MASH, The Graduate, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 What else is that about?	Horror, dvd, witch, found footage, video
3 I like moody movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ice Storm

1 I really like Picnic at Hanging Rock, Shakespeare in Love, The Usual Suspects, The Craft, Malcolm X, Eraser, and Heavenly Creatures. I'm looking for a slasher movie.	I Still Know What You Did Last Summer
2 What else is that about?	slasher, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Mekhi Phifer, Danny Cannon
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Speed, Dangerous Liaisons, Cape Fear, Die Hard 2, Gandhi, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crying Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Jordan
3 I prefer Richard Linklater movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before Midnight

1 Good Will Hunting, Hotel Rwanda, The Bourne Supremacy, Ocean's Twelve, Proof of Life, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Much Ado About Nothing are films I liked. I'm looking for a Jane Austen movie.	Pride and Prejudice
2 What else is that about?	Jane Austen, adaptation, Robert Z. Leonard
3 I prefer Jon Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Northanger Abbey

1 Back to the Future, Jerry Maguire, Die Hard, Before Sunrise, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Good Will Hunting are films I loved. I'm looking for an acting movie.	Tombstone
2 What else is that about?	r, acting, Western, Val Kilmer, Kurt Russell, gunfight, Bill Paxton, Arizona, Michael Biehn, George P. Cosmatos, outlaws, Sam Elliott, west
3 I like technology movies more. Do you know anything else?	Prometheus

1 Buffalo '66, There Will Be Blood, Hotel Chevalier, Boyhood, Whiplash, Before Sunset, and Trash Humpers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	Inherent Vice
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I rate Wes Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	Fantastic Mr. Fox

1 The Big Lebowski, Primer, The Iron Giant, Happiness, Metropolitan, Dawn of the Dead, and Raging Bull are films I really like. I'm looking for a David Lynch movie.	Blue Velvet
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Mystery, David Lynch, sexual, Dennis Hopper, lynch, Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I like Patricia Arquette movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lost Highway

1 I really like The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Blair Witch Project, Manhunter, Murder, My Sweet, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Wizard of Oz, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Wim Wenders movie.	Faraway, So Close!
2 What else is that about?	Wim Wenders
3 I like Documentary movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pina

1 The Wrong Trousers, Finding Nemo, Fight Club, There's Something About Mary, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Lion King, and Inception are films I like. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I like indonesia movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Raid 2

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Schindler's List, The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Rosemary's Baby
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Roman Polanski, occult, Mia Farrow, Ruth Gordon
3 I like Lucio Fulci movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Beyond

1 Toy Story, Four Weddings and a Funeral, There's Something About Mary, High Fidelity, Unbreakable, Dogma, and Being John Malkovich are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Gosford Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I like Susan Seidelman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gaudi Afternoon

1 The Bone Collector, The Godfather, Dracula, Apocalypse Now, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Braveheart, and The Matrix are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Will Smith movie.	Men in Black
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, sequel, Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like shyamalan movies more. Do you know anything else?	After Earth

1 Rumble in the Bronx, The Nutty Professor, Heat, Independence Day, Twister, Grumpier Old Men, and Happy Gilmore are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer Mark Twain movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

1 Casino, Analyze This, Rocky V, Money Talks, Rocky III, I Got the Hook Up, and Tales from the Hood are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Trippin'
2 Who does that star?	Donald Faison, Deon Richmond, Guy Torry, Maia Campbell
3 I prefer Will Ferrell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Land of the Lost

1 The English Patient, Top Gun, Mrs. Doubtfire, Forrest Gump, Liar Liar, Romeo + Juliet, and Independence Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael J. Fox movie.	For Love or Money
2 What else is that about?	Michael J. Fox, Barry Sonnenfeld, Gabrielle Anwar
3 I like Rob Minkoff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stuart Little 2

1 I really liked Shaun of the Dead, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Green Mile, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Avengers, Toy Story, and The Bourne Identity. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zombieland
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Emma Stone, Abigail Breslin, Jesse Eisenberg
3 I prefer Frank Langella movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Twelve Chairs

1 I love Memento, The Machinist, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future, A Fish Called Wanda, American Beauty, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Island
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Thriller, original, Scarlett Johansson, Ewan McGregor, Michael Bay
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crave

1 Minority Report, Castle in the Sky, To Kill a Mockingbird, American Beauty, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, Jackie Brown, and Requiem for a Dream are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Happy Together
2 Who does that star?	Leslie Cheung
3 I rate Tabu movies. Any other suggestions?	Cheeni Kum

1 Alien, Sleeper, Goodfellas, Soylent Green, Dead Man Walking, Dances with Wolves, and Mutiny on the Bounty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Todd Haynes movie.	Velvet Goldmine
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Haynes

1 In the Name of the Father, Reality Bites, Philadelphia, The Usual Suspects, Mary Poppins, Crimson Tide, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a toronto movie.	Exotica
2 What else is that about?	canada, Atom Egoyan, toronto
3 I rate Isabella Rossellini movies. Any other suggestions?	Enemy

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Stargate, The Untouchables, Forrest Gump, The Matrix, Saving Private Ryan, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Rugrats Movie
2 Who does that star?	Christine Cavanaugh, Kath Soucie
3 I like Madonna movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shanghai Surprise

1 Sixteen Candles, The Shawshank Redemption, Annie, The Breakfast Club, A Time to Kill, Good Will Hunting, and Say Anything... are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Next Friday
2 What else is that about?	Steve Carr
3 I like Juno Temple movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dirty Girl

1 I really like Delicatessen, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Breakfast at Tiffany's, One False Move, Being John Malkovich, Strictly Ballroom, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a jesus christ movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, controversial, jesus, christian, biblical, jesus christ, scorsese
3 I prefer Mel Gibson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passion of the Christ

1 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Almost Famous, Happiness, Donnie Brasco, Quills, The Shawshank Redemption, and Children of Men are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Primer
2 What else is that about?	time travel, science fiction, low budget, science, complex, time, Shane Carruth
3 I prefer William Wyler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ben-Hur

1 Braveheart, The Man with the Golden Gun, Dude, Where's My Car?, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Vertical Limit, The Fifth Element, and Das Boot are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer John Cromwell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Of Human Bondage

1 Bananas, High Fidelity, Touch of Evil, The Ice Storm, Quiz Show, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Richard III are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Italian movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giuseppe Tornatore, cinema
3 I rate Tom Waits movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tiger and the Snow

1 The Sting, Big Night, American Beauty, Magnolia, Chinatown, MASH, and Grosse Pointe Blank are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Twelve O'Clock High
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry King
3 I prefer John Guillermin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bridge at Remagen

1 Dances with Wolves, A Simple Plan, The Godfather, Spartacus, The Wrong Trousers, Gandhi, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an american civil war movie.	Glory
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I like Ang Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ride with the Devil

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Hunt for Red October, Stand by Me, Elizabeth, Total Recall, Clear and Present Danger, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Steve McQueen movie.	The Thomas Crown Affair
2 What else is that about?	Steve McQueen, Norman Jewison
3 I like Richard Attenborough movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sand Pebbles

1 Shrek, While You Were Sleeping, Aladdin, Miss Congeniality, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Ring, and City Slickers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Where the Heart Is
2 Who is that directed by?	John Boorman
3 I rate Jorge Furtado movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man Who Copied

1 Fried Green Tomatoes, The Color Purple, Patton, Stand by Me, The Silence of the Lambs, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an emotional movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Matt Reeves movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

1 I loved Schindler's List and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a New York movie.	Annie Hall
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, Woody Allen, romantic, New York, best picture, 2, Diane Keaton
3 I like Cher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moonstruck

1 I liked The Blues Brothers, The Hunt for Red October, Saving Private Ryan, The Jackal, Dances with Wolves, The Spanish Prisoner, and No Way Out. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 Who does that star?	Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, Klaus Wennemann
3 I like John Wayne movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Green Berets

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, True Lies, The Terminator, Escape from New York, The Hustler, Airplane!, and The Color of Money are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Misery
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Wes Craven movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Eye

1 Dirty Harry, Mary Poppins, You Can Count on Me, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Sound of Music, Alien, and The Graduate are films I love. I'm looking for a vietnam war movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Born on the Fourth of July

1 The Fugitive, The Shining, Carrie, Candyman, The Silence of the Lambs, Jaws, and Marvin's Room are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Faithful
2 Who does that star?	Chazz Palminteri, Cher, Ryan O'Neal, Paul Mazursky
3 I prefer Mary Pickford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Best Girl

1 Big, The Third Man, Dead Man Walking, Once Upon a Time in America, Shakespeare in Love, Alice in Wonderland, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	City of Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I like Diane Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hanging Up

1 I really like Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Godzilla, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Blade Runner, The Jungle Book, 8½, and East Is East. I'm looking for a kaiju movie.	Godzilla, King of the Monsters!
2 What else is that about?	kaiju, Godzilla, giant monster, Raymond Burr
3 I prefer Mothra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rebirth of Mothra

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Sound of Music, Heavenly Creatures, A Perfect Murder, Pulp Fiction, True Romance, and Big are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Badham movie.	Stakeout
2 Who is that directed by?	John Badham

1 Ghost, Schindler's List, Nine Months, Forrest Gump, Philadelphia, Aladdin, and Beauty and the Beast are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep
3 I prefer Warren Beatty movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All Fall Down

1 Rob Roy, Psycho, Shane, Primal Fear, A Few Good Men, Citizen Kane, and Key Largo are movies I like. I'm looking for a Neil Simon movie.	The Goodbye Girl
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Marsha Mason, Paul Benedict, Quinn Cummings
3 I rate Rebecca De Mornay movies. Any other suggestions?	The Slugger's Wife

1 Rain Man, The Shawshank Redemption, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Lawrence of Arabia, Toy Story, Romancing the Stone, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Sheltering Sky
2 What else is that about?	John Malkovich, Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Outside the Law

1 Rear Window, Harvey, Psycho, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, and Laura are movies I love. I'm looking for a Jennifer Connelly movie.	9
2 What else is that about?	War, Elijah Wood, Jennifer Connelly, John C. Reilly, Christopher Plummer, Crispin Glover, Martin Landau
3 I prefer superhero movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rocketeer

1 Fargo, Primal Fear, The Godfather, Trainspotting, and The Birdcage are films I love. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Kingpin
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Bill Murray, Randy Quaid, Vanessa Angel
3 I like Tom Sizemore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Play It to the Bone

1 Burnt by the Sun, Little Voice, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Tigerland, Kundun, The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, and Goodfellas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Singleton movie.	Shaft
2 Who is that directed by?	John Singleton

1 Billy Elliot, The Addiction, The Grapes of Wrath, Cabaret, Days of Heaven, Alien, and Foreign Correspondent are films I love. I'm looking for a french revolution movie.	Danton
2 Who does that star?	Gérard Depardieu, Anne Alvaro

1 I loved Much Ado About Nothing, Swing Kids, Terms of Endearment, Dazed and Confused, Far and Away, Guys and Dolls, and Dead Again. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	A Damsel in Distress
2 Who is that directed by?	George Stevens
3 I rate Michael Ritchie movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fantasticks

1 I loved Spirited Away, Goodfellas, The Matrix, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Enter the Dragon, Scarface, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dogville
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I prefer Jay Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ladder 49

1 The Rock, Alien, The Goonies, The World Is Not Enough, Election, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Rush Hour are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toys
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Music, Robin Williams, Joan Cusack
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beginners

1 Jurassic Park, The Negotiator, Halloween, Rosemary's Baby, Runaway Bride, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, and An American Werewolf in London are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mummy
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Horror, Rachel Weisz, Brendan Fraser, mummy, John Hannah, Stephen Sommers, sand
3 I rate Hayao Miyazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind

1 The Wrong Trousers, Babe, The Silence of the Lambs, The Thin Red Line, The Matrix, Manhattan, and Groundhog Day are films I liked. I'm looking for a 1970s movie.	Boogie Nights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, 1970s, Mark Wahlberg, Paul Thomas Anderson, 70s
3 I prefer 1960s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dreamgirls

1 All About My Mother, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Manhattan, The Conversation, It Happened One Night, Animal House, and To Catch a Thief are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cult film movie.	Repo Man
2 What else is that about?	cult film, los angeles, Emilio Estevez, Alex Cox
3 I like Benicio Del Toro movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Way of the Gun

1 I really liked Office Space, Memento, Glory, Sling Blade, Run Lola Run, The Fugitive, and There's Something About Mary. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 Who is that directed by?	Shane Black
3 I like John Flynn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Outfit

1 I really like The Usual Suspects, The Age of Innocence, The Omen, The Blair Witch Project, Chinatown, Raging Bull, and Rosemary's Baby. I'm looking for a brainwashing movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh

1 Shallow Grave, His Girl Friday, Sling Blade, Brassed Off, The Sixth Sense, Schindler's List, and Shakes the Clown are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Impostors
2 What else is that about?	Stanley Tucci, screwball, Oliver Platt
3 I prefer christmas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jack Frost

1 Faces of Death IV, Back to the Future, Lethal Weapon 4, Gummo, Domino, Ocean's Thirteen, and Hero are movies I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Faces of Death II
2 Who is that directed by?	John Alan Schwartz

1 The Dark Knight, Rounders, Ocean's Eleven, Die Hard, Toy Story 3, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Matrix are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lucky Number Slevin
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, Lucy Liu, Josh Hartnett
3 I prefer Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	White Sands

1 The Big Lebowski, Rear Window, The Maltese Falcon, Manhattan, Taxi Driver, It Happened One Night, and The Birds are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Limbo
2 What else is that about?	John Sayles
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Mermaids

1 I loved Clear and Present Danger, Jurassic Park, Stargate, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer John Ford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Steamboat Round the Bend

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Titanic, The Sound of Music, Gone with the Wind, When Harry Met Sally..., The Crying Game, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Gigi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, national film registry, courtesan, Vincente Minnelli
3 I prefer Ernst Lubitsch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Love Parade

1 Bring It On, A Grand Day Out, A Nightmare on Elm Street, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Legally Blonde, The Matrix, and Casablanca are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	White Chicks
2 Who is that directed by?	Keenen Ivory Wayans
3 I rate Edward Sedgwick movies. Any other suggestions?	A Southern Yankee

1 Babe, The Big Blue, The Untouchables, American Beauty, The Fifth Element, La Femme Nikita, and Grumpier Old Men are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flickering Lights
2 Who is that directed by?	Anders Thomas Jensen
3 I prefer Maria Maggenti movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Puccini for Beginners

1 I really liked Back to the Future, Blade, The Game, The Exorcist, Toy Story, Unbreakable, and Planet of the Apes. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Swamp Thing
2 What else is that about?	Horror, comic book, 1980s, Monster, dc comics, Wes Craven, swamp, scientist
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Plague of the Zombies

1 Brazil, The Wizard of Oz, Legend, Mars Attacks!, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Time of the Gypsies, and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas are movies I loved. I'm looking for a light movie.	Mon Oncle
2 Who is that directed by?	Jacques Tati
3 I rate Stanley Donen movies. Any other suggestions?	Singin' in the Rain

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Dracula, Cinema Paradiso, All About My Mother, The Chorus, Psycho, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Forest Whitaker movie.	The Great Debaters
2 Who is that directed by?	Denzel Washington
3 I rate Howard Deutch movies. Any other suggestions?	Article 99

1 A Christmas Story, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Cool Runnings, The Silence of the Lambs, Men in Black, Top Gun, and Patch Adams are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Karate Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	Harald Zwart
3 I prefer James Whale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Waterloo Bridge

1 Twister, Little Women, How to Make an American Quilt, Rudy, The Birdcage, Murder in the First, and Pretty Woman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	With Honors
2 Who is that directed by?	Alek Keshishian
3 I like Jon Kasdan movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Land of Women

1 I really liked Inception, Finding Forrester, The Village, Avatar, Dune, Network, and Pi. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I rate Paul Newman movies. Any other suggestions?	Torn Curtain

1 I loved Stripes, Dead Poets Society, My Cousin Vinny, North by Northwest, Clear and Present Danger, Saving Private Ryan, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Meet Joe Black
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I like Gerald Potterton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heavy Metal

1 I like Go, Rushmore, Shakespeare in Love, Repo Man, Chinatown, Metropolis, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Topsy-Turvy
2 What else is that about?	Opera, Mike Leigh, creative, victorian era, Jim Broadbent
3 I rate Daniel Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rose Tattoo

1 Disclosure, A Time to Kill, Mr. Holland's Opus, Dances with Wolves, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Ransom, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Tony Scott movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott

1 Kiss Me Deadly, Yellow Submarine, The Faculty, Bringing Up Baby, Rebecca, Spaceballs, and Delicatessen are movies I like. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Unleashed
2 Who is that directed by?	Louis Leterrier
3 I like Frank Darabont movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shawshank Redemption

1 Poltergeist, Moonraker, Contact, Carrie, Stargate, Jaws 2, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Vampires movie.	Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Norrington
3 I rate David Slade movies. Any other suggestions?	30 Days of Night

1 Clear and Present Danger, Ghost, While You Were Sleeping, Jurassic Park, Much Ado About Nothing, The Crow, and The Rock are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Killing Zoe
2 What else is that about?	Heist, Roger Avary
3 I like Chris Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	21 Jump Street

1 Serpico, The Great Escape, The Princess Bride, The Remains of the Day, Gone with the Wind, The Hunt for Red October, and The Sting are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Auntie Mame
2 Who does that star?	Rosalind Russell
3 I prefer Mark Harmon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Summer School

1 Twister, Clerks, The Firm, True Lies, The Lion King, Ghost, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Sylvester Stallone movie.	Cliffhanger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, mountains, Renny Harlin, John Lithgow, harlin
3 I like George P. Cosmatos movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cobra

1 The Terminator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Blade Runner, Back to the Future, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Ocean's Thirteen
2 What else is that about?	sequel, ensemble cast, Heist, Al Pacino, las vegas, Steven Soderbergh, Ellen Barkin
3 I prefer Thomas Harris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hannibal

1 I love Eraser, Executive Decision, Absolute Power, Liar Liar, and Primal Fear. I'm looking for a Rene Russo movie.	Ransom
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Mel Gibson, Ron Howard, Gary Sinise, Lili Taylor, Rene Russo
3 I rate Wolfgang Petersen movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Line of Fire

1 A Close Shave, The Princess Bride, Shall We Dance?, Grease, Chicago, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Crying Game are films I loved. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Family, 70mm, library, national film registry, children, Julie Andrews, best picture, Christopher Plummer, austria, Robert Wise
3 I prefer Danny Trejo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spy Kids

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a John Williams movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I prefer world war i movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	War Horse

1 Spider-Man, The Ring, Angela's Ashes, The Wrong Trousers, Finding Nemo, Clerks, and X-Men are films I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Touching the Void
2 What else is that about?	survival, 3, peru, Kevin Macdonald
3 I like Documentary movies more. Do you know anything else?	Revolution OS

1 Amélie, Serenity, Office Space, Life Is Beautiful, Pan's Labyrinth, The Princess Bride, and Bend It Like Beckham are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adrienne Shelly movie.	Waitress
2 What else is that about?	Adrienne Shelly, Waitress
3 I rate Hal Hartley movies. Any other suggestions?	Trust

1 Night of the Living Dead, Videodrome, Casino, Pulp Fiction, Citizen Kane, Nashville, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a James Stewart movie.	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, John Wayne, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin
3 I rate Frank Morgan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shop Around the Corner

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Chicago, Cabaret, Shakespeare in Love, Toy Story 2, Finding Nemo, and Tootsie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kramer vs. Kramer
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Benton
3 I prefer Spike Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Malcolm X

1 Pleasantville, The Iron Giant, Stand and Deliver, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, My Fair Lady, L.A. Confidential, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 What else is that about?	r, Matt Damon, Robin Williams, own, owned, mathematics, Ben Affleck, genius, boston, math, Gus Van Sant, Minnie Driver, therapy
3 I rate Home movies. Any other suggestions?	Garden State

1 Carrie, The NeverEnding Story, Cocoon, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Heavy Metal, The Secret of NIMH, and Watership Down are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Legend
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, dark, fairy tale, Tom Cruise, Ridley Scott, Tim Curry, Mia Sara
3 I prefer Lewis Carroll movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alice's Adventures in Wonderland

1 Happy Gilmore, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, White Squall, Grumpier Old Men, Black Sheep, The Arrival, and Escape from L.A. are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Spy Hard
2 What else is that about?	parody, spy, Leslie Nielsen
3 I prefer Reality movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Matrix

1 Pinocchio, Junior, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Mrs. Doubtfire, The American President, and Dances with Wolves are movies I like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, book, affair, iowa
3 I rate Mystery movies. Any other suggestions?	Mystic River

1 Toy Story, Lord of War, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Trainspotting, Gladiator, The Godfather, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Shane Black, No
3 I prefer Myrna Loy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love Crazy

1 I love Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, 12 Angry Men, A Room with a View, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Born Yesterday, and All About Eve. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Farinelli
2 What else is that about?	Musical, 18th century, Opera
3 I prefer Hector Babenco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pixote

1 I watched the films Back to the Future Part II, Stand by Me, Spider-Man, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Princess Bride, The Wizard of Oz, and Cast Away and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Green Mile
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Tom Hanks, Stephen King, Life, Frank Darabont, Michael Clarke Duncan, David Morse, death row
3 I prefer Alex Shaffer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Win Win

1 I really liked Lost in Translation, Sling Blade, Gone with the Wind, Edward Scissorhands, Love Actually, and Hoop Dreams. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	School of Rock
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Jack Black, school, teacher, Richard Linklater, rock, guitar
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Billy Rose's Jumbo

1 I really like Jurassic Park, Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Morgan Freeman, dvd, acting, Prison, Stephen King, vhs, redemption, Tim Robbins, warm, Frank Darabont, Rita Hayworth
3 I rate Jada Pinkett Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Reign Over Me

1 I loved Memento, Saving Private Ryan, The Age of Innocence, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, The Bourne Identity, and Drop Dead Gorgeous. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mercury Rising
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Becker
3 I prefer Rob Bowman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Reign of Fire

1 Apocalypse Now, Toy Story, The Hunt for Red October, The Lion King, My Own Private Idaho, Real Genius, and The Princess Bride are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Scream
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Craven
3 I rate Mark A. Lewis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thaw

1 Saving Private Ryan, Singin' in the Rain, Fight Club, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, Slumdog Millionaire, and X-Men are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Up
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Love, to see, animated, south america, michael giacchino, Pete Docter
3 I like spy movies more. Do you know anything else?	This Means War

1 I watched the films Titanic, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Chungking Express, Monsters, Inc., Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Speed, and Little Shop of Horrors and loved them. I'm looking for a small town movie.	Super 8
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, story, small town, science fiction, effects, Elle Fanning
3 I prefer Johnny Knoxville movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Stand

1 The Sixth Sense, The Fugitive, L.A. Confidential, Toy Story, Toy Story 2, Groundhog Day, and The Godfather are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I like Jim Carrey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bruce Almighty

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Apollo 13, Legends of the Fall, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, and Forrest Gump are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Stargate
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I rate Robert F. Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	The Adventures of Tarzan

1 I liked The Madness of King George, Clerks, Go Fish, Hoop Dreams, Pulp Fiction, Farinelli, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Suture
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Haysbert, Mel Harris

1 The Third Man, Manhattan, Sullivan's Travels, The Shining, American Beauty, Metropolis, and The Last Picture Show are movies I like. I'm looking for a Billy Wilder movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Billy Wilder, Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis
3 I rate Audrey Hepburn movies. Any other suggestions?	Love in the Afternoon

1 Blazing Saddles, Donnie Darko, Pulp Fiction, Harold and Maude, The Wizard of Oz, Peter Pan, and Boys Don't Cry are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bottle Rocket
2 What else is that about?	Crime, directorial debut, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Luke Wilson
3 I rate Katharine Hepburn movies. Any other suggestions?	Without Love

1 Jacob's Ladder, Grindhouse, The Godfather, Roman Holiday, The Fifth Element, The Truman Show, and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Magnolia
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I prefer Harmony Korine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spring Breakers

1 Blade Runner, Dead Poets Society, Frankenstein, Escape from the Planet of the Apes, Gattaca, Conquest of the Planet of the Apes, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are films I really like. I'm looking for a Terry Gilliam movie.	Brazil
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Fantasy, satire, Robert De Niro, Dreams, own, Terry Gilliam, gilliam, dystopian, Michael Palin, Jonathan Pryce
3 I rate Matt Damon movies. Any other suggestions?	The Brothers Grimm

1 Spy Game, Spider-Man, Black Hawk Down, Shrek, Cast Away, Unbreakable, and Catch Me If You Can are films I really like. I'm looking for a memory loss movie.	The Bourne Identity
2 What else is that about?	Action, Matt Damon, Conspiracy, Memory, cia, spy, Clive Owen, memory loss, Robert Ludlum, Franka Potente, Doug Liman
3 I like Hawaii movies more. Do you know anything else?	50 First Dates

1 8½, An Ideal Husband, Nosferatu, The Wizard of Oz, Fanny and Alexander, The Seventh Seal, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I like frankenstein's monster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Van Helsing

1 I liked Blade Runner, The Rock, Mulholland Falls, Clerks, The Godfather, Hackers, and Phenomenon. I'm looking for an international movie.	The Saint
2 What else is that about?	espionage, Val Kilmer, international, Elisabeth Shue, Phillip Noyce
3 I rate Tom Tykwer movies. Any other suggestions?	The International

1 I love Fantasia, Animal House, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Raising Arizona, Midnight Express, Men in Black, and Traffic. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Wild at Heart
2 What else is that about?	David Lynch
3 I prefer Michael Bay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Island

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, I Am Legend, Patch Adams, Princess Mononoke, Reservoir Dogs, Spirited Away, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	V for Vendetta
2 Who is that directed by?	James McTeigue
3 I like Kurt Wimmer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Equilibrium

1 I watched the films The Wrong Trousers, A Close Shave, Face/Off, and Avatar and loved them. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny
2 Who does that star?	Jack Black, Kyle Gass
3 I rate Madonna movies. Any other suggestions?	Evita

1 Ratatouille, The Bourne Identity, Avatar, Inglourious Basterds, Cast Away, The Fifth Element, and Back to the Future are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jake Johnson movie.	Drinking Buddies
2 What else is that about?	drinking, Chicago, Anna Kendrick, Olivia Wilde, Jake Johnson, Joe Swanberg

1 Sleeper, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Trip to Bountiful, The Lion in Winter, Big Fish, The Year of Living Dangerously, and The Producers are films I loved. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Chaplin
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Attenborough
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Aviator

1 The Sixth Sense, The Natural, Blow, Cinderella Man, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I like Music movies more. Do you know anything else?	Imaginaerum

1 All About Eve, To Catch a Thief, Almost Famous, The Palm Beach Story, Blue Velvet, Badlands, and The Virgin Suicides are films I love. I'm looking for a playwright movie.	Prick Up Your Ears
2 Who does that star?	Gary Oldman, Alfred Molina, Vanessa Redgrave, Wallace Shawn
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Finding Neverland

1 From Hell, Dead Again, Ghost in the Shell, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Moon, Akira, and The Truman Show are films I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Voices of a Distant Star
2 What else is that about?	space, anime, Makoto Shinkai
3 I like bugs bunny movies more. Do you know anything else?	Space Jam

1 Big, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Lawrence of Arabia, The Matrix, Rocky, Pulp Fiction, and Some Like It Hot are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dog Day Afternoon
2 Who does that star?	John Cazale, Penelope Allen
3 I prefer Carmen Maura movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What Have I Done to Deserve This?

1 Gone with the Wind, Steel Magnolias, The Sound of Music, Meet Me in St. Louis, Rear Window, Much Ado About Nothing, and Driving Miss Daisy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a mountain man movie.	Jeremiah Johnson
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Will Geer

1 L.A. Confidential, Some Like It Hot, Hud, The Conversation, Ladyhawke, Rebecca, and Rear Window are movies I like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Thing from Another World
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, science fiction, national film registry, arctic
3 I prefer austria movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sound of Music

1 Brokeback Mountain, Garden State, Fight Club, Primer, Being John Malkovich, The Big Lebowski, and Star Trek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	The Dreamers
2 What else is that about?	French, Paris, erotic, Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	An American in Paris

1 Magnolia, Smoke Signals, American Beauty, High Fidelity, Run Lola Run, Ordinary People, and The Cider House Rules are movies I loved. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who does that star?	Willeke van Ammelrooy
3 I like Marcia Gay Harden movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gaudi Afternoon

1 Billy Elliot, Chinatown, Glory, Serpico, Breaking Away, The People vs. Larry Flynt, and The Deer Hunter are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Ellen Burstyn movie.	Requiem for a Dream
2 What else is that about?	Drama, psychological, r, addiction, Jennifer Connelly, Darren Aronofsky, Jared Leto, dream, Ellen Burstyn, Marlon Wayans
3 I like Harvey Keitel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore

1 Night Watch, Open Your Eyes, Philadelphia, Vanilla Sky, A Few Good Men, All About My Mother, and The Sixth Sense are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Science of Sleep
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Fantasy, r, Dreams, Michel Gondry, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Gael García Bernal
3 I like Gil Junger movies more. Do you know anything else?	If Only

1 I watched the films A Fish Called Wanda, Dead Poets Society, Saving Private Ryan, Rain Man, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, and When Harry Met Sally... and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Fog
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I like Bob Clark movies more. Do you know anything else?	Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things

1 Rain Man, Dead Poets Society, Sneakers, Suicide Kings, Moulin Rouge!, The Usual Suspects, and Grosse Pointe Blank are films I really liked. I'm looking for a boarding school movie.	Outside Providence
2 What else is that about?	boarding school
3 I rate Alfonso Cuarón movies. Any other suggestions?	A Little Princess

1 The Usual Suspects, Beauty and the Beast, The Fugitive, Pulp Fiction, The Lion King, The Shawshank Redemption, and Get Shorty are films I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I rate Raja Gosnell movies. Any other suggestions?	The Smurfs 2

1 I really like The Lion King, Traffic, Fargo, The Departed, Taxi Driver, Kinsey, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Jane Austen movie.	Pride and Prejudice
2 What else is that about?	Jane Austen, adaptation, Robert Z. Leonard
3 I prefer Douglas McGrath movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Emma

1 I really like Tommy Boy, American History X, The Matrix, Chasing Amy, Back to the Future Part II, The Lion King, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes
3 I rate Vera Farmiga movies. Any other suggestions?	Closer to the Moon

1 Brazil, The Princess Bride, Galaxy Quest, Joe Versus the Volcano, Dark City, Office Space, and The City of Lost Children are movies I like. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 What else is that about?	remake, christmas, Santa Claus, Richard Attenborough, Elizabeth Perkins
3 I prefer Nora Ephron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mixed Nuts

1 Alien, Stand and Deliver, The Princess Bride, Brighton Beach Memoirs, MASH, L.A. Confidential, and A Christmas Story are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Ashby
3 I rate Glenn Gordon Caron movies. Any other suggestions?	Wilder Napalm

1 Rain Man, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Platoon, Schindler's List, Highlander, The Return of the Pink Panther, and Alien are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Mutiny on the Bounty
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Marlon Brando, Carol Reed, Lewis Milestone, Trevor Howard, ultra panavision 70
3 I prefer Richard Matheson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Legend of Hell House

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Fantasia, Independence Day, Casablanca, Wings of Desire, Apocalypse Now, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I loved. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I prefer George Cukor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Fair Lady

1 I like The Fast and the Furious, Bruce Almighty, Bad Boys II, I, Robot, Rush Hour 2, The Illusionist, and 2 Fast 2 Furious. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	40 Days and 40 Nights
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Romantic Comedy, Josh Hartnett, Michael Lehmann
3 I like Kevin Lima movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enchanted

1 The Hunt for Red October, The Princess Bride, Blade Runner, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	Demolition Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Sylvester Stallone, Wesley Snipes, Marco Brambilla
3 I prefer Richard Fleischer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Soylent Green

1 Finding Neverland, Dark Shadows, When Harry Met Sally..., The Muppet Christmas Carol, Grease 2, The Haunted Mansion, and 102 Dalmatians are movies I love. I'm looking for a parody movie.	Epic Movie
2 What else is that about?	parody
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cheap Detective

1 I like L.A. Confidential, Pretty Woman, The Full Monty, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Saint, and Tommy Boy. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Surviving the Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Ernest R. Dickerson
3 I rate George Miller movies. Any other suggestions?	Mad Max

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, Requiem for a Dream, My Neighbor Totoro, There's Something About Mary, Rear Window, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Terry Gilliam movie.	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Plummer, Andrew Garfield
3 I prefer Christoph Waltz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Zero Theorem

1 The Mask, Schindler's List, Con Air, Much Ado About Nothing, Rumble in the Bronx, Jurassic Park, and L.A. Story are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Travolta movie.	Face/Off
2 What else is that about?	Action, Nicolas Cage, John Travolta, John Woo
3 I rate Elmore Leonard movies. Any other suggestions?	Be Cool

1 Toy Story 2, On the Waterfront, Amélie, High Fidelity, Stranger Than Paradise, Big Night, and Tampopo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Cary Grant movie.	Arsenic and Old Lace
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dark comedy, Cary Grant, Frank Capra
3 I prefer Rosalind Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	His Girl Friday

1 The Matrix, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Dark Knight, Kung Fu Hustle, The Godfather, Memento, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hard Boiled
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I rate Mark Steven Johnson movies. Any other suggestions?	Killing Season

1 Akira, Blade Runner, Stardust Memories, Predator, Annie Hall, Die Hard, and Bananas are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Solaris
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, cinematography, psychological, slow, meditative, Russian, memories, sf, Andrei Tarkovsky, space station, conscience, tarkovsky
3 I prefer Tennessee Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Property Is Condemned

1 I really liked Miracle on 34th Street, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Coraline, Forrest Gump, Gone with the Wind, Rain Man, and Shutter Island. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	Zodiac
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, Crime, r, Police, slow, Jake Gyllenhaal, David Fincher, investigation, Mark Ruffalo
3 I like visual movies more. Do you know anything else?	Manhunter

1 Superbad, Taxi Driver, Children of Men, Life Is Beautiful, The Godfather, Man on Wire, and Drive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Charlie Bartlett
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Poll
3 I prefer John Madden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killshot

1 Casablanca, A Clockwork Orange, Clerks, Aliens, and Alien are films I really liked. I'm looking for a zombie movie.	Night of the Living Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, remake, zombie, Tom Savini
3 I prefer Australia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Undead

1 The Hunt for Red October, Cape Fear, Peter Pan, Groundhog Day, Men in Black, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Princess Mononoke are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Westworld
2 Who does that star?	Yul Brynner, James Brolin, Richard Benjamin
3 I like Najarra Townsend movies more. Do you know anything else?	Contracted

1 Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Mallrats, Trainspotting, Clerks, Old School, The Usual Suspects, and The 40-Year-Old Virgin are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Doug Liman movie.	Swingers
2 What else is that about?	Vince Vaughn, Heather Graham, 90s, 1, Jon Favreau, Doug Liman
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Go

1 Office Space, The Boondock Saints, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Donnie Darko, First Blood, Black Hawk Down, and Jurassic Park are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I prefer Dreams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Science of Sleep

1 Being John Malkovich, The Sixth Sense, Spirited Away, The Crying Game, Memento, Fight Club, and Three Kings are films I really like. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	The Wedding Banquet
2 Who does that star?	Sihung Lung, Winston Chao, May Chin
3 I rate Toni Collette movies. Any other suggestions?	Muriel's Wedding

1 The Full Monty, Big Fish, Sleepy Hollow, The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, White Christmas, Shrek, and Seven Brides for Seven Brothers are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Keeping Mum
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, r, Rowan Atkinson, Patrick Swayze, Maggie Smith, Kristin Scott Thomas
3 I like Gwyneth Paltrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	View from the Top

1 I like Groundhog Day, The Philadelphia Story, Get Shorty, The Maltese Falcon, Aliens, 12 Angry Men, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, screwball comedy, Cary Grant, Howard Hawks, screwball, Katharine Hepburn
3 I prefer David Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Captain January

1 High Fidelity, American History X, Philadelphia, Muriel's Wedding, The Wizard of Oz, Pleasantville, and Primary Colors are films I really liked. I'm looking for a british columbia movie.	The Bear
2 What else is that about?	animals, british columbia

1 Watership Down, Splash, Top Gun, Barbarella, Ladyhawke, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Forrest Gump are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bicentennial Man
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I prefer Rita Tushingham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Girl with Green Eyes

1 Rear Window, The Exorcist, Goodfellas, Braveheart, The Fugitive, The African Queen, and The Sixth Sense are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Telly Savalas movie.	On Her Majesty's Secret Service
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, George Lazenby, switzerland, Telly Savalas
3 I like world war ii movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kelly's Heroes

1 The Prince of Egypt, The Shawshank Redemption, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, The Longest Day, Face/Off, Toy Story 2, and Blast from the Past are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chinatown
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I like Paul Middleditch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Separation City

1 Cloverfield, Finding Nemo, Shanghai Noon, The Princess Bride, Slumdog Millionaire, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Ice Age are films I like. I'm looking for a canada movie.	Sicko
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, france, Michael Moore, canada, united states, Cuba, health care, insurance
3 I rate toronto movies. Any other suggestions?	Exotica

1 Die Hard 2, Die Hard, Strangers on a Train, When Harry Met Sally..., A Little Princess, Affliction, and Fletch are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mia Farrow movie.	Rosemary's Baby
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Roman Polanski, occult, Mia Farrow, Ruth Gordon
3 I prefer Jeff Bridges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Unicorn

1 Zombieland, Office Space, Hot Fuzz, The Shawshank Redemption, Gran Torino, The Verdict, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Adjustment Bureau
2 What else is that about?	story, Matt Damon, Philip K. Dick, Emily Blunt
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trance

1 Die Hard, Back to the Future, Stargate, A Very Brady Sequel, Back to the Future Part II, Clue, and Men in Black are films I really like. I'm looking for a superheroes movie.	Mystery Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Kinka Usher
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Superman

1 I really like Men in Black, Toy Story, The Little Mermaid, Cast Away, Mary Poppins, Finding Nemo, and Erin Brockovich. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Tremors
2 What else is that about?	Monster, Kevin Bacon, Ron Underwood
3 I prefer iraq war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taking Chance

1 Forrest Gump, Departures, Saving Private Ryan, Tombstone, Sanjuro, Yojimbo, and The Lion King are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	Black Sheep
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan King
3 I rate Jane Campion movies. Any other suggestions?	An Angel at My Table

1 American Beauty, Seven Samurai, Back to the Future, Goodfellas, The Godfather, The Wizard of Oz, and Walk the Line are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 What else is that about?	Horror, psychological, Stanley Kubrick, ghosts, Jack Nicholson, Stephen King, Hotel, writer, kubrick, psychological horror, psychic abilities, Ghost, Shelley Duvall, nicholson, Scatman Crothers
3 I rate forest movies. Any other suggestions?	The Barrens

1 I really like Miracle on 34th Street, Million Dollar Baby, Grosse Pointe Blank, Amélie, Strictly Ballroom, Mary Poppins, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I rate Joe Dante movies. Any other suggestions?	The 'Burbs

1 Anatomy of a Murder, The Producers, Mona Lisa, Quiz Show, The Secret of Roan Inish, The Brother from Another Planet, and East of Eden are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gentleman's Agreement
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I prefer John Sayles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Limbo

1 I liked Predator, Sideways, Top Gun, The Shawshank Redemption, In the Mood for Love, Boyz n the Hood, and Y Tu Mamá También. I'm looking for a toshiro mifune movie.	High and Low
2 Who does that star?	Tatsuya Nakadai
3 I rate Akira Takayama movies. Any other suggestions?	Picture Bride

1 Fight Club, Ghostbusters, Independence Day, Groundhog Day, Aladdin, Good Will Hunting, and The Dark Knight are films I love. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Jackal
2 What else is that about?	remake, Bruce Willis, assassin, Sidney Poitier
3 I prefer Santa Claus movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Miracle on 34th Street

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Matrix, Citizen Kane, and Fight Club are movies I love. I'm looking for a dc movie.	Batman Begins
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Michael Caine, Katie Holmes
3 I rate Michael Keaton movies. Any other suggestions?	Batman

1 Ghosts of Mississippi, Doctor Zhivago, On the Waterfront, G.I. Jane, The Rocketeer, Giant, and Lethal Weapon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Casablanca
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	Racing with the Moon

1 Almost Famous, Meet the Parents, Total Recall, The Fifth Element, Saving Private Ryan, Gladiator, and U-571 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Diane Lane movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 What else is that about?	Drama, George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, disaster, John C. Reilly, Wolfgang Petersen, Diane Lane, american, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate Tim Robbins movies. Any other suggestions?	Cinema Verite

1 I watched the films Doctor Zhivago, Harold and Maude, Midnight Run, Beyond Silence, Being There, The Secret of Roan Inish, and Easy Rider and loved them. I'm looking for a stage movie.	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mike Nichols, stage, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?

1 Seven Samurai, The City of Lost Children, The Thin Blue Line, The Godfather, Citizen Kane, Brazil, and La Grande Illusion are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Touch of Evil
2 Who is that directed by?	Orson Welles
3 I prefer Darin Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Caught Up

1 Dark City, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Highlander, Die Hard, Ocean's Eleven, and Scarface are movies I really like. I'm looking for a jay and silent bob movie.	Clerks
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, Kevin Smith, theater, view askew, jay and silent bob, 4
3 I prefer Rosario Dawson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Clerks II

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, Aladdin, Schindler's List, Speed, The Fugitive, Dances with Wolves, and The Lion King and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I like dvd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alvin and the Chipmunks

1 I love Henry V, Little Women, Anna and the King, The Usual Suspects, Immortal Beloved, Rob Roy, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Born Free
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Reign Over Me

1 I watched the films Raiders of the Lost Ark, Toy Story 3, JFK, Muppet Treasure Island, Hamlet, The Princess Bride, and The Philadelphia Story and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Karate Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	Harald Zwart
3 I prefer Kevin Hooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fled

1 Braveheart, Contact, The Fifth Element, Gattaca, Men in Black, Princess Mononoke, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Chris Columbus, potter
3 I prefer Harold Ramis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Groundhog Day

1 Rain Man, Brazil, Duck Soup, High Noon, Body Heat, Repo Man, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Big
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, John Heard, Elizabeth Perkins, Robert Loggia
3 I like Ashton Kutcher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dude, Where's My Car?

1 I liked Pulp Fiction, Saving Private Ryan, City Lights, Cool Hand Luke, The Princess Bride, Roman Holiday, and Life Is Beautiful. I'm looking for a Milla Jovovich movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater
3 I prefer David Twohy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Perfect Getaway

1 All That Jazz, The Right Stuff, Do the Right Thing, Apocalypse Now, A Fish Called Wanda, The Deer Hunter, and Antonia's Line are films I like. I'm looking for a Broadway movie.	The Pajama Game
2 What else is that about?	Broadway
3 I like detroit movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dreamgirls

1 I loved Don Juan DeMarco, Muppet Treasure Island, Boys on the Side, Little Women, The Usual Suspects, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a John McTiernan movie.	Last Action Hero
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Charles Dance
3 I prefer Pierce Brosnan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nomads

1 I liked Desperado, Miracle on 34th Street, Leaving Las Vegas, Shallow Grave, The Usual Suspects, Dave, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Sharon Stone movie.	The Specialist
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Sharon Stone
3 I rate Leonardo DiCaprio movies. Any other suggestions?	The Quick and the Dead

1 I, Robot, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Italian Job, Legends of the Fall, Over the Hedge, Ransom, and The Sixth Sense are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Saw
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, original, detective, twist, Danny Glover, Cary Elwes, James Wan
3 I prefer found footage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grave Encounters

1 I watched the films 12 Angry Men, Singin' in the Rain, Ben-Hur, A Streetcar Named Desire, The Quiet Man, All About Eve, and Mister Roberts and loved them. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Meet Me in St. Louis
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Vincente Minnelli, Mary Astor
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dolphin Tale

1 Big, Chocolat, The Chosen, Young Frankenstein, Bowling for Columbine, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and Yankee Doodle Dandy are films I loved. I'm looking for a Frank Sinatra movie.	Guys and Dolls
2 Who does that star?	Marlon Brando, Frank Sinatra, Jean Simmons, Vivian Blaine
3 I prefer Betty Garrett movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On the Town

1 Saving Private Ryan, Rain Man, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Schindler's List, In the Line of Fire, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I loved. I'm looking for a Gregory Hoblit movie.	Frequency
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Hoblit

1 Dangerous Liaisons, The Wizard of Oz, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sound of Music, Manhattan, The Hustler, and Paris, Texas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Seven Year Itch
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder
3 I rate Mike Binder movies. Any other suggestions?	Indian Summer

1 I love Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Stand by Me, Lethal Weapon, Thirteen Days, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Unforgiven, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an ok movie.	Mulan
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Musical, animated, china, Eddie Murphy, Chinese, disney renaissance, ok, Walt Disney
3 I rate Gary Oldman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fifth Element

1 The Mighty, Shine, Seven Years in Tibet, Waiting to Exhale, Jack Frost, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Awakenings are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Other Sister
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I like Allan Moyle movies more. Do you know anything else?	New Waterford Girl

1 On Golden Pond, The Right Stuff, The Rock, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Wizard of Oz, Braveheart, and The Last Emperor are films I love. I'm looking for a Mary Tyler Moore movie.	Ordinary People
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Redford

1 I loved Stalker, Antz, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Edward Scissorhands, Sleepy Hollow, The Seventh Seal, and Labyrinth. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Nosferatu
2 Who does that star?	Max Schreck
3 I like Pierce Brosnan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nomads

1 I really like Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Cool Hand Luke, The Bourne Identity, Good Will Hunting, Billy Madison, The Goonies, and Sorry, Wrong Number. I'm looking for a Michael Anderson movie.	1984
2 What else is that about?	George Orwell, Michael Anderson
3 I rate Jenny Agutter movies. Any other suggestions?	Logan's Run

1 Up in Smoke, Dogma, American History X, Saving Private Ryan, Princess Mononoke, Scarface, and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back are movies I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Enter the Dragon
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Clouse
3 I prefer Francis Ford Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Finian's Rainbow

1 I really like Body Heat, Three Kings, Dances with Wolves, Boys Don't Cry, Until the End of the World, Rear Window, and Good Will Hunting. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All About My Mother
2 What else is that about?	homosexuality, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scum

1 I loved A Room with a View, Sense and Sensibility, Jean de Florette, Das Boot, Blade Runner, Sophie's Choice, and Oscar and Lucinda. I'm looking for a r movie.	Ulee's Gold
2 What else is that about?	r, Peter Fonda
3 I rate Sarah Michelle Gellar movies. Any other suggestions?	Cruel Intentions

1 Lawrence of Arabia, High Fidelity, The Iron Giant, Almost Famous, Citizen Kane, The Pawnbroker, and Modern Times are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Gold
3 I rate Australia movies. Any other suggestions?	On the Beach

1 American History X, Children of Paradise, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Green Mile, Fight Club, Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!, and Spirited Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bernie
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater
3 I rate Judd Apatow movies. Any other suggestions?	This Is 40

1 I love Shrek, Forrest Gump, Dracula, Moulin Rouge!, Back to the Future, All About Eve, and The Day the Earth Stood Still. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	The NeverEnding Story
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, story, Wolfgang Petersen, quest
3 I rate Epic movies. Any other suggestions?	Troy

1 The Fifth Element, Rain Man, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Manhattan, Brazil, The Godfather, and Carrie are movies I love. I'm looking for an espionage movie.	Notorious
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman
3 I prefer Val Kilmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Saint

1 I really liked Ghost World, The Godfather, Glengarry Glen Ross, The Celebration, Lost in Translation, Rushmore, and The Squid and the Whale. I'm looking for a Patrice Leconte movie.	Monsieur Hire
2 What else is that about?	Patrice Leconte
3 I prefer hairdresser movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hairdresser's Husband

1 I love Wings, Forrest Gump, Breaking Away, Shrek, Blade Runner, and Good Will Hunting. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Heaven Can Wait
2 What else is that about?	Warren Beatty
3 I prefer Aliens movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Aliens in the Attic

1 I love Hannibal, Slacker, A Prophet, Good Will Hunting, Carnage, The Last Detail, and Chasing Amy. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Winter Sleep
2 What else is that about?	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
3 I like William A. Wellman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Night Nurse

1 The Crying Game, Gone with the Wind, A Man and a Woman, Vertigo, All About Eve, Sleeping Beauty, and Pather Panchali are films I really like. I'm looking for a werewolf movie.	The Wolf Man
2 Who does that star?	Claude Rains, Ralph Bellamy
3 I rate Oliver Reed movies. Any other suggestions?	The Curse of the Werewolf

1 I like Children of Paradise, The Bridge on the River Kwai, High Noon, The Man Who Knew Too Much, Mutiny on the Bounty, To Catch a Thief, and The Lady from Shanghai. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Bullitt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, car chase, Steve McQueen, Jacqueline Bisset, Peter Yates, Robert Vaughn
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	John Carter

1 I liked Fargo, Dead Man Walking, Das Boot, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Vittorio De Sica movie.	The Garden of the Finzi-Continis
2 Who does that star?	Dominique Sanda, Lino Capolicchio
3 I prefer Marcello Mastroianni movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow

1 The Band Wagon, Fantasia, Get Shorty, The Lady Vanishes, Raiders of the Lost Ark, An American in Paris, and Seven Samurai are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Rope
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I like Kátia Lund movies more. Do you know anything else?	City of God

1 I liked Die Hard, Live Free or Die Hard, Top Gun, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Passchendaele
2 Who does that star?	Paul Gross

1 The Dark Knight, The Muppet Movie, Rain Man, Monster, Madagascar, Inglourious Basterds, and Trainspotting are movies I loved. I'm looking for an island movie.	The Beach
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shutter Island

1 I liked The Silence of the Lambs, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, Signs, City Slickers, Men in Black, and We Were Soldiers. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Dragonslayer
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Magic, dragons, Ralph Richardson, Peter MacNicol
3 I like christmas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Santa Clause

1 I love The Terminator, American Pie, Donnie Darko, The Matrix, Monsters, Inc., There's Something About Mary, and Cube. I'm looking for a Matt Damon movie.	Ocean's Eleven
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney
3 I rate Matt Damon movies. Any other suggestions?	Good Will Hunting

1 I love The Shining, Casablanca, As Good as It Gets, Full Metal Jacket, Alien, Witness, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I prefer amnesia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mulholland Drive

1 Braveheart, Die Hard, Schindler's List, A River Runs Through It, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, A Christmas Story, and Dogma are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Bug's Life
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, story, Kevin Spacey, animated, computer animation, avi, Circus, pixar animation, bugs, John Lasseter, Dave Foley
3 I like dvd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Finding Nemo

1 I watched the films Fight Club, The Sixth Sense, Saving Private Ryan, My Neighbor Totoro, Memento, The Shawshank Redemption, and Interstellar and loved them. I'm looking for a french comedy movie.	The Intouchables
2 What else is that about?	French, france, french comedy, Omar Sy

1 Finding Nemo, Crash, Finding Neverland, Mulholland Drive, Forrest Gump, Hotel Rwanda, and Mary Poppins are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Into the Woods
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Johnny Depp, disney, Musical, fairy tale, Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt, Anna Kendrick, Stephen Sondheim, Rob Marshall
3 I prefer Colin Firth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nanny McPhee

1 Blade Runner, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Forrest Gump, Independence Day, A Time to Kill, Ghost, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really like. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Highlander
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, queen, Russell Mulcahy, Clancy Brown
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rock

1 Forrest Gump, Amélie, Django Unchained, Guardians of the Galaxy, and The Green Mile are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Grand Budapest Hotel
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I like Jeffrey Fine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cherry

1 I watched the films Rear Window, Heathers, The Secret of Roan Inish, A Clockwork Orange, Michael Collins, Blade Runner, and The Maltese Falcon and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Casablanca
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid
3 I like Joan Crawford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Torch Song

1 I loved Constantine, Monsters, Inc., Shrek 2, Robots, Road Trip, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Coyote Ugly
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romantic Comedy, Piper Perabo
3 I like Steve Miner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Bully

1 The Net, Jurassic Park, Sleepless in Seattle, The Santa Clause, Nell, Beauty and the Beast, and While You Were Sleeping are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I rate Jennifer Lopez movies. Any other suggestions?	Jack

1 I really like Much Ado About Nothing, Edward Scissorhands, Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a Sidney Poitier movie.	In the Heat of the Night
2 What else is that about?	Police, detective, Sidney Poitier, Norman Jewison, Rod Steiger
3 I prefer Gene Wilder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stir Crazy

1 The Usual Suspects, Dead Poets Society, Pulp Fiction, Dances with Wolves, Forrest Gump, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and Casablanca are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stealing Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I prefer Mike Newell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Donnie Brasco

1 Chasing Amy, The Cider House Rules, Predator, Mumford, Arachnophobia, Kingpin, and GoldenEye are films I like. I'm looking for a Rupert Everett movie.	My Best Friend's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, wedding, Rupert Everett, Dermot Mulroney
3 I rate Madonna movies. Any other suggestions?	The Next Best Thing

1 Night of the Living Dead, Back to the Future, Jurassic Park, Deliverance, The Graduate, The Blues Brothers, and Groundhog Day are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Jeremiah Johnson
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Will Geer
3 I like Linda Cristal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Two Rode Together

1 The Lost Boys, Schindler's List, Evil Dead II, Army of Darkness, The Silence of the Lambs, Donnie Darko, and Heavenly Creatures are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sisters movie.	Ginger Snaps
2 Who is that directed by?	John Fawcett
3 I rate Curtis Hanson movies. Any other suggestions?	In Her Shoes

1 I really like The Royal Tenenbaums, Fight Club, Brotherhood of the Wolf, American Beauty, Hoop Dreams, A Beautiful Mind, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Maggie Gyllenhaal movie.	Donnie Darko
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Kelly
3 I rate Sam Mendes movies. Any other suggestions?	Away We Go

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Once Were Warriors, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Desperado, Sense and Sensibility, Leaving Las Vegas, and Clerks are films I really like. I'm looking for a toronto movie.	Exotica
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan
3 I like Aaron Woodley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Toronto Stories

1 Welcome to the Dollhouse, Bonnie and Clyde, Spellbound, North by Northwest, La Femme Nikita, The Full Monty, and Manhattan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Time Bandits
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Sean Connery, imagination, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, time, gilliam, Shelley Duvall, Ralph Richardson
3 I prefer Roald Dahl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Matilda

1 American History X, Memento, The Illusionist, The Matrix, Fight Club, Blade Runner, and I Am Legend are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Hillcoat movie.	The Road
2 What else is that about?	tense, Viggo Mortensen, Cormac McCarthy, John Hillcoat
3 I rate Crime movies. Any other suggestions?	Lawless

1 I really like Memento, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Graduate, The Third Man, Repo Man, Jaws, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cookie's Fortune
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, Liv Tyler, Glenn Close, Chris O'Donnell
3 I prefer Jane Curtin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	O.C. and Stiggs

1 Clear and Present Danger, Hoop Dreams, Forrest Gump, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, Crimson Tide, and Apollo 13 are films I loved. I'm looking for a hockey movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 Who is that directed by?	Dennis Dugan
3 I rate Gavin O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	Miracle

1 Forrest Gump, Shrek, When Harry Met Sally..., Clueless, Father of the Bride Part II, Y Tu Mamá También, and As Good as It Gets are films I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	My Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Joel Rubin
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Godfather, Taxi Driver, Rear Window, Gandhi, To Catch a Thief, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and The Player are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Lawrence Kasdan movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I like Romantic Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	French Kiss

1 Raising Arizona, Grosse Pointe Blank, Citizen Kane, The Sting, The Fugitive, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Batman
2 What else is that about?	Action, dark, superhero, Revenge, Crime, comic book, Tim Burton, Jack Nicholson, Batman, super-hero, dc comics, get, Michael Keaton, goth, dc, Kim Basinger, Joker, serious
3 I like helicopters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fire Birds

1 The Departed, The Town, Requiem for a Dream, Superbad, Almost Famous, The Big Lebowski, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	City Island
2 Who is that directed by?	Raymond De Felitta
3 I prefer Tom Hooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Longford

1 Waiting for Guffman, Gone with the Wind, A Hard Day's Night, Annie Hall, Pretty Woman, The Odd Couple, and The Goodbye Girl are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dirty Dancing
2 Who is that directed by?	Emile Ardolino
3 I like Paul Middleditch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Separation City

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Beauty and the Beast, True Lies, Finding Nemo, Independence Day, Full Metal Jacket, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a mexico movie.	Desperado
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas
3 I rate Eli Wallach movies. Any other suggestions?	The Magnificent Seven

1 Ransom, Six Days Seven Nights, Forrest Gump, The Piano, Basic Instinct, A Few Good Men, and The Spitfire Grill are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	Indochine
2 What else is that about?	French, vietnam
3 I prefer Quentin Tarantino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Inglourious Basterds

1 Farewell My Concubine, Ordinary People, Trainspotting, Taxi Driver, Citizen Ruth, Strictly Ballroom, and Much Ado About Nothing are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cradle Will Rock
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Robbins
3 I rate Scott Ziehl movies. Any other suggestions?	Broken Vessels

1 I watched the films Watchmen, The Inglorious Bastards, Menace II Society, The Terminator, As Good as It Gets, For a Few Dollars More, and Unforgiven and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Live Free or Die Hard
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis
3 I like Carl Weathers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Predator

1 Pulp Fiction, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Die Hard, The Exorcist, Leaving Las Vegas, Bowling for Columbine, and Beverly Hills Cop are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Casino
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, las vegas, Casino, Sharon Stone, mob, Joe Pesci, vegas
3 I rate Sidney Lumet movies. Any other suggestions?	The Offence

1 Fantasia, The Princess Bride, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Fugitive, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Titanic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Heart and Souls
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Ron Underwood
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Green Mile

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Titanic, Mighty Joe Young, Alien, Aliens, The Sting, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Vampires
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I prefer Scott Reynolds movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ugly

1 Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Young Frankenstein, The African Queen, Alien, Bowling for Columbine, All About My Mother, and U-571 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a sex scenes movie.	Unfaithful
2 What else is that about?	erotic, Richard Gere, sex scenes

1 I watched the films Say Anything..., Parenthood, Grumpy Old Men, Breakdown, The Assignment, Full Metal Jacket, and Under Siege and loved them. I'm looking for a Don Bluth movie.	An American Tail
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Bluth
3 I rate Gary Goldman movies. Any other suggestions?	Titan A.E.

1 Forrest Gump, The Piano, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Four Weddings and a Funeral
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Grant
3 I like David Carradine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Stan

1 I really like Shaun of the Dead, Edward Scissorhands, The Prestige, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Godfather, Forrest Gump, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Heist movie.	Ocean's Eleven
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney
3 I prefer Denzel Washington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Inside Man

1 A Fish Called Wanda, The Closet, Wall Street, The Game, Cube, Gattaca, and The International are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Matador
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Shepard
3 I prefer Brad Lewis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cars 2

1 Away We Go, The Brothers Bloom, A Serious Man, Mr. Nobody, Gravity, City of God, and A Night at the Opera are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Master
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, Joaquin Phoenix, Paul Thomas Anderson, odd
3 I prefer Fred Schepisi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith

1 Modern Times, Rear Window, Clueless, American Graffiti, The Graduate, Lawrence of Arabia, and Midnight Run are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beat the Devil
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I rate Peter Yates movies. Any other suggestions?	Roommates

1 The Godfather, When Harry Met Sally..., Dances with Wolves, Apollo 13, The Age of Innocence, Rain Man, and A Beautiful Mind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Awakenings
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Robert De Niro, Robin Williams, Penny Marshall
3 I prefer iran movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Stoning of Soraya M.

1 I liked Groundhog Day, Mystery Men, Heathers, Dracula, For Your Eyes Only, As Good as It Gets, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a Telly Savalas movie.	On Her Majesty's Secret Service
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, George Lazenby, switzerland, Telly Savalas
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Kelly's Heroes

1 Jurassic Park, The Usual Suspects, The Dark Knight Rises, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Iron Man 3, Iron Man, and Schindler's List are films I liked. I'm looking for a Javier Bardem movie.	Skyfall
2 What else is that about?	james bond, London, plot, china, Daniel Craig, Ralph Fiennes, Javier Bardem, Judi Dench, Sam Mendes, turkey, Naomie Harris
3 I like euthanasia movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sea Inside

1 Clear and Present Danger, Hoosiers, Trainspotting, Hard Boiled, The Deer Hunter, For a Few Dollars More, and The Secret of NIMH are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I rate Daniel Radcliffe movies. Any other suggestions?	Horns

1 The Apostle, Dangerous Liaisons, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Deliverance, Dead Ringers, The Conversation, and Prince of the City are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	One False Move
2 What else is that about?	Bill Paxton, Carl Franklin
3 I like Katie Holmes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Phone Booth

1 Doctor Zhivago, Lifeboat, When Harry Met Sally..., Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Addicted to Love, My Life as a Dog, and Dangerous Liaisons are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a George Roy Hill movie.	The Sting
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill

1 I really liked Crash, The Last King of Scotland, Amélie, Strange Days, Blood Diamond, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade
3 I rate Colin Firth movies. Any other suggestions?	Valmont

1 The White Balloon, Limbo, Bicycle Thieves, West Side Story, Rain Man, Ran, and Children of Heaven are films I really liked. I'm looking for a classical movie.	Fantasia
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Sharpsteen

1 The Crow, Strange Days, Blade Runner, Reservoir Dogs, The Specialist, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects are films I like. I'm looking for a Billy Bob Thornton movie.	U Turn
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn, Joaquin Phoenix, Oliver Stone, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Armageddon

1 I liked Into the Wild, Once Upon a Time in the West, Amélie, Pulp Fiction, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, There Will Be Blood, and The Shining. I'm looking for a 3 movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I rate David Silverman movies. Any other suggestions?	Monsters, Inc.

1 Hoop Dreams, Forrest Gump, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Die Hard, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bonnie and Clyde
2 What else is that about?	Crime, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Gene Wilder, Faye Dunaway, Warren Beatty, On the Road, Arthur Penn, outlaws
3 I like Prison movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brubaker

1 A Bronx Tale, Norma Rae, Rebel Without a Cause, Pretty in Pink, Nobody's Fool, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Official Story
2 Who does that star?	Héctor Alterio, Norma Aleandro, Hugo Arana, Chunchuna Villafañe
3 I like John Barrymore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Night Flight

1 Out of Sight, Red Rock West, The English Patient, The Princess Bride, Reservoir Dogs, A Room with a View, and Sneakers are films I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Killing Fields
2 What else is that about?	War, John Malkovich, cambodia
3 I like Colin Farrell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tigerland

1 The Dark Knight, Prisoners, The Shawshank Redemption, Seven Samurai, The Truman Show, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Memento are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a jodorowsky movie.	The Holy Mountain
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Jodorowsky

1 I like Aladdin, Casablanca, Sleepless in Seattle, Pretty Woman, Now and Then, When Harry Met Sally..., and When a Man Loves a Woman. I'm looking for a Tim Robbins movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Prison, death, Sean Penn, usa, book, Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon, death row
3 I rate Charlie Kaufman movies. Any other suggestions?	Human Nature

1 The Haunting, The Thomas Crown Affair, Big Daddy, Tarzan, American Pie, Eyes Wide Shut, and The Thirteenth Floor are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Steve Miner movie.	Lake Placid
2 What else is that about?	Steve Miner
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Forever Young

1 I loved Lost in Translation, Memento, The Game, Dazed and Confused, The Dark Knight, Blow, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Forest Whitaker movie.	Panic Room
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Jodie Foster, David Fincher, Kristen Stewart, surveillance, Forest Whitaker, Jared Leto, 2
3 I rate harlem movies. Any other suggestions?	A Rage in Harlem

1 Spider-Man, Ghostbusters, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The NeverEnding Story, The Secret of NIMH, Heat, and The Sixth Sense are films I love. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Fair Lady
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Musical, story, Broadway, best picture, George Cukor, George Bernard Shaw
3 I like David Butler movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thank Your Lucky Stars

1 I really liked The Thomas Crown Affair, The Abyss, X-Men, The Patriot, Kingpin, Cast Away, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Remember the Titans
2 Who is that directed by?	Boaz Yakin
3 I rate Jean Renoir movies. Any other suggestions?	This Land Is Mine

1 The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, Casino, Exotica, Dead Man Walking, Romeo + Juliet, and The English Patient are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barcelona
2 What else is that about?	spain, Barcelona, Whit Stillman
3 I rate John Waters movies. Any other suggestions?	Polyester

1 Memento, Spirited Away, The Avengers, Star Trek, The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, and Casino Royale are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jamie Foxx movie.	Collateral
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Tom Cruise, los angeles, Jamie Foxx, Michael Mann, Taxi Driver, f
3 I like homeless movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Soloist

1 I love Do the Right Thing, Wayne's World, My Life, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Fugitive, American Pie, and The Brothers McMullen. I'm looking for a Dustin Hoffman movie.	Rain Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I rate Mike Nichols movies. Any other suggestions?	The Graduate

1 I liked Old Yeller, Back to the Future, Some Like It Hot, Aliens, Caddyshack, Stand by Me, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	Bachelor Party
2 Who is that directed by?	Neal Israel
3 I like Susanne Bier movies more. Do you know anything else?	After the Wedding

1 I like Les Misérables, Dead Man Walking, How to Make an American Quilt, Nell, In the Name of the Father, Miracle on 34th Street, and Malice. I'm looking for a Richard Pearce movie.	A Family Thing
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Pearce

1 I watched the films Blade Runner, Ghostbusters, Seven Samurai, Braveheart, The Thing, Dark City, and Beetlejuice and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Lost Boys
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Vampires, vampire, Brothers, Kiefer Sutherland
3 I like forest movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Barrens

1 Stir of Echoes, The Puppet Masters, The Exorcist, The Iron Giant, The Thing from Another World, The Wolf Man, and The War of the Worlds are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Ghost and Mrs. Muir
2 What else is that about?	Gene Tierney, Rex Harrison
3 I rate Jeremiah S. Chechik movies. Any other suggestions?	Tall Tale

1 Spider-Man, Finding Nemo, The Matrix, The Birdcage, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, and Mystery Men are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Aaron Eckhart movie.	The Core
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I prefer Scott Hicks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Reservations

1 The Fifth Element, Drugstore Cowboy, American Beauty, Taxi Driver, Limitless, Fight Club, and Rounders are movies I love. I'm looking for a James Van Der Beek movie.	The Rules of Attraction
2 Who does that star?	Jessica Biel, Shannyn Sossamon, James Van Der Beek, Kip Pardue

1 I really liked Die Hard, Men in Black, Monsters, Inc., The Matrix, The Fifth Element, Forrest Gump, and Ghost in the Shell. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Amenábar
3 I rate Sam Raimi movies. Any other suggestions?	Drag Me to Hell

1 I love The Opposite of Sex, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, Babe, The Royal Tenenbaums, Bread and Tulips, Canadian Bacon, and Chocolat. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Persuasion
2 Who does that star?	Ciarán Hinds, Amanda Root
3 I like Jeanne Crain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pinky

1 I loved Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Othello, The Silence of the Lambs, Cliffhanger, Braveheart, and Dolores Claiborne. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nine Months
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I prefer Jamie Babbit movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	But I'm a Cheerleader

1 Mystic River, JFK, Sin City, The Insider, Batman Begins, Legend, and Casino are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Man on Fire
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I prefer Timur Bekmambetov movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Day Watch

1 I watched the films Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Virgin Suicides, Heathers, The Wizard of Oz, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Drugstore Cowboy, and Atlantic City and loved them. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Great Santini
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis John Carlino
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Fargo, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Toy Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Nick Park movie.	A Close Shave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Short, own, animated, stop motion, aardman, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I like Love movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Matter of Loaf and Death

1 Ocean's Eleven, The Corporation, Caddyshack, Ocean's 11, Seven Samurai, Kick-Ass, and Up are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a College movie.	The Great Debaters
2 What else is that about?	Denzel Washington, College, Forest Whitaker, debate
3 I prefer William Friedkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blue Chips

1 A Christmas Story, Singin' in the Rain, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Chinatown, Hairspray, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, and Best in Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Welcome to the Dollhouse
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Todd Solondz, Heather Matarazzo
3 I like John Singleton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Boy

1 Midnight Run, When Harry Met Sally..., Beauty and the Beast, Trading Places, Mrs. Doubtfire, The African Queen, and Rain Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rocky
2 Who is that directed by?	John G. Avildsen
3 I rate Lindsay Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	This Sporting Life

1 I really liked GoldenEye, The Silence of the Lambs, For a Few Dollars More, Die Hard 2, Full Metal Jacket, Shrek 2, and V for Vendetta. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I rate Fred Schepisi movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Baseball

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Natural Born Killers, Eraser, Much Ado About Nothing, Twister, Independence Day, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Little Buddha
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves, Bernardo Bertolucci, Bridget Fonda
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Speed

1 I like Little Shop of Horrors, National Lampoon's Vacation, Singin' in the Rain, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Pulp Fiction, Rob Roy, and Go. I'm looking for a High School movie.	Angus
2 What else is that about?	High School, Kathy Bates, Chris Owen
3 I like Sisters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ginger Snaps

1 Once Upon a Time in Mexico, Spider-Man, Starship Troopers, Jurassic Park, City of God, Forrest Gump, and Ghostbusters are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wayne's World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mike Myers, tv, saturday night live, Chris Farley, Penelope Spheeris, Dana Carvey, Tia Carrere, Rob Lowe, alice cooper
3 I rate Australia movies. Any other suggestions?	The Coca-Cola Kid

1 I love Richard III, Body Heat, Gods and Monsters, Klute, Being John Malkovich, American Beauty, and The Last Picture Show. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	The Buddy Holly Story
2 Who does that star?	Gary Busey, Charles Martin Smith, Don Stroud, Conrad Janis
3 I like Sam Riley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Control

1 I love The Social Network, Schindler's List, Up, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Bucket List, 3 Idiots, and Ocean's Thirteen. I'm looking for a Rachel Weisz movie.	My Blueberry Nights
2 Who does that star?	Jude Law, Norah Jones
3 I rate Rachel Weisz movies. Any other suggestions?	The Constant Gardener

1 I loved The Great Escape, Jaws, The Philadelphia Story, Down by Law, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Swingers, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Local Hero
2 What else is that about?	scotland, Burt Lancaster, Bill Forsyth
3 I prefer Alison Lohman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Matchstick Men

1 Wonder Boys, The Graduate, The Red Violin, The Grifters, Sleeping Beauty, Psycho, and Four Weddings and a Funeral are films I loved. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	Mary Poppins
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Magic, Musical, children, London, Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, nanny, disney studios, Robert Stevenson, magical nanny, David Tomlinson
3 I rate dragons movies. Any other suggestions?	The Flight of Dragons

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Fargo, Schindler's List, Pretty Woman, Phenomenon, Toy Story, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Taken 3

1 Losing Isaiah, The Juror, Exit to Eden, Major Payne, Trial by Jury, Tommy Boy, and Heat are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Coneheads
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Barron
3 I prefer Bob Clark movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rhinestone

1 I love The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Shining, The Deer Hunter, Arsenic and Old Lace, Splash, The Last of the Mohicans, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a Jon Amiel movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Little
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Jon Amiel
3 I rate Sean Connery movies. Any other suggestions?	Entrapment

1 For Whom the Bell Tolls, The 13th Warrior, The Crow, The Truman Show, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Old Yeller are films I like. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Hope Floats
2 Who is that directed by?	Forest Whitaker
3 I rate John Lee Hancock movies. Any other suggestions?	The Blind Side

1 The Muppets Take Manhattan, The Santa Clause, Clear and Present Danger, Pinocchio, The Fugitive, Jurassic Park, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Denzel Washington movie.	The Siege
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I like Penny Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Preacher's Wife

1 Inglourious Basterds, The Matrix, The Dark Knight, Shrek, Memento, American History X, and Good Will Hunting are films I love. I'm looking for a zhang yimou movie.	Hero
2 What else is that about?	china, Jet Li, wuxia, Chinese, zhang yimou
3 I prefer Christian Bale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Flowers of War

1 There Will Be Blood, Up, Blade Runner, The Wrestler, Unforgiven, A Fistful of Dollars, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Sleeper
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Woody Allen
3 I rate Larry David movies. Any other suggestions?	Whatever Works

1 Barry Lyndon, Blade Runner, The Godfather, The Last Emperor, On the Waterfront, Alien, and The Killing Fields are films I love. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Ran
2 Who does that star?	Tatsuya Nakadai
3 I like Masayuki Mori movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rashomon

1 I like The Kingdom, Minority Report, The Italian Job, Gladiator, The Godfather, Ocean's Thirteen, and 300. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Along Came Polly
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, Jennifer Aniston, John Hamburg
3 I rate Stephen Herek movies. Any other suggestions?	Holy Man

1 If...., Young Frankenstein, Almost Famous, A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, The Fifth Element, and Big Trouble in Little China are movies I love. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	Traffic
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh

1 The Dark Knight, How to Train Your Dragon, Up, Avatar, and MASH are films I like. I'm looking for a Paul Greengrass movie.	The Bourne Ultimatum
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, sequel, assassin, Matt Damon, amnesia, cia, spy, spy thriller, Robert Ludlum, Paul Greengrass
3 I like new york city movies more. Do you know anything else?	United 93

1 Office Space and Ghostbusters are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Double Jeopardy
2 What else is that about?	r, Tommy Lee Jones, Ashley Judd, Bruce Beresford
3 I rate Ryan Phillippe movies. Any other suggestions?	Antitrust

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Matrix, Walk the Line, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Fight Club, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	You Can't Take It With You
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Lionel Barrymore, Jean Arthur, Edward Arnold
3 I prefer Mercedes Ruehl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What's Cooking?

1 The Lion King, Dances with Wolves, Toy Story, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for a jews movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Edward Zwick movies. Any other suggestions?	Defiance

1 Ocean's Eleven, Top Gun, Chicago, Beauty and the Beast, Muriel's Wedding, Toy Story 2, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Towering Inferno
2 What else is that about?	John Guillermin, disaster film
3 I like Adventure movies more. Do you know anything else?	Adventures in Babysitting

1 I really liked Screamers, Flipper, Twister, The River Wild, Barb Wire, The Nutty Professor, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Spy Hard
2 What else is that about?	parody, spy, Leslie Nielsen
3 I like Wolfgang Petersen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Air Force One

1 Back to the Future, Gandhi, It's a Wonderful Life, Mars Attacks!, Contact, Birdy, and Stargate are movies I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Selick
3 I like David Silverman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Simpsons Movie

1 Apollo 13, Saving Private Ryan, Toy Story 2, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Shakespeare in Love, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Terry Gilliam movies. Any other suggestions?	Jabberwocky

1 I loved The Mummy, Swimming with Sharks, The Rock, Cold Comfort Farm, Young Frankenstein, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Gun Shy
2 Who is that directed by?	Eric Blakeney
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Requiem for a Dream, The Silence of the Lambs, Road to Perdition, Donnie Darko, Burn After Reading, The Shawshank Redemption, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dvd, Romantic Comedy, Steve Carell, sex, Judd Apatow
3 I like Jason Alexander movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pretty Woman

1 Toy Story 2, Alien, Do the Right Thing, Lone Star, Say Anything..., Short Cuts, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I like Edward G. Robinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Caesar

1 Desperado, Legends of the Fall, Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, Heat, Waterworld, and Hoop Dreams are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Batman
2 What else is that about?	Action, dark, superhero, Revenge, Crime, comic book, Tim Burton, Jack Nicholson, Batman, super-hero, dc comics, get, Michael Keaton, goth, dc, Kim Basinger, Joker, serious
3 I prefer Maze movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Maze Runner

1 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Pulp Fiction, Before Sunrise, Chinatown, L.A. Confidential, Total Recall, and Charly are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Hamlet movie.	The Bad Sleep Well
2 What else is that about?	japan, Corruption, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa, Hamlet, postwar, corporate
3 I rate Andrew Fleming movies. Any other suggestions?	Hamlet 2

1 American Beauty, The Lion King, Inception, Saw, Requiem for a Dream, School of Rock, and The Green Mile are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Slumdog Millionaire
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, soundtrack, story, Love, india, Danny Boyle, cheating, screenplay, slum, mumbai
3 I like Elijah Wood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Everything Is Illuminated

1 Duck Soup, The Remains of the Day, Big Night, Some Like It Hot, The Godfather, The Third Man, and Chinatown are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Aaron Eckhart movie.	In the Company of Men
2 What else is that about?	Aaron Eckhart, Neil LaBute
3 I like conversation movies more. Do you know anything else?	Conversations with Other Women

1 Shallow Grave, Pulp Fiction, A Close Shave, The Usual Suspects, Priest, The Piano, and The Young Poisoner's Handbook are films I really like. I'm looking for a spanish civil war movie.	Land and Freedom
2 What else is that about?	spanish civil war, Ken Loach
3 I prefer Life movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 The Piano, The Silence of the Lambs, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Pulp Fiction, and Once Were Warriors are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Ewan McGregor movie.	Shallow Grave
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I rate Peyton Reed movies. Any other suggestions?	Down with Love

1 American Beauty, Cliffhanger, Back to the Future, Fargo, The Usual Suspects, The Lion King, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I like. I'm looking for a fbi movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I prefer Ralph Fiennes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Dragon

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, Million Dollar Baby, Casablanca, Lost in Translation, The Godfather, Chinatown, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I like Uwe Boll movies more. Do you know anything else?	Postal

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, and The Matrix. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Inception
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, cinematography, ensemble cast, original, Leonardo DiCaprio, Heist, science fiction, Michael Caine, script, Christopher Nolan, Ellen Page, tokyo, Cillian Murphy, Marion Cotillard, editing, Tom Hardy, score, Ken Watanabe, dream, screenplay, Tom Berenger, lucid dreaming, subconscious, nolan, Dileep Rao
3 I rate Steven Seagal movies. Any other suggestions?	Flight of Fury

1 I watched the films The Game, Schindler's List, Fargo, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Sweet Hereafter, The Usual Suspects, and Malcolm X and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 What else is that about?	Drama, George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, disaster, John C. Reilly, Wolfgang Petersen, Diane Lane, american, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I prefer King Vidor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Street Scene

1 Serenity, The Rules of the Game, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, Michael Clayton, La Grande Illusion, Raging Bull, and The Departed are films I really like. I'm looking for a Kenji Mizoguchi movie.	Sansho the Bailiff
2 What else is that about?	Kenji Mizoguchi
3 I like japan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Osaka Elegy

1 Home Alone, Crimson Tide, Pretty Woman, Grumpier Old Men, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Man Without a Face, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a british movie.	Four Weddings and a Funeral
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Grant
3 I like Jamie Bell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Billy Elliot

1 Good Will Hunting, Pretty Woman, In the Line of Fire, Shakespeare in Love, Sleepless in Seattle, Notting Hill, and L.A. Confidential are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I rate Harold Lloyd movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cat's-Paw

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, A Fish Called Wanda, Wings of Desire, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Saturday Night Fever, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Run Lola Run are movies I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	That's Entertainment! III
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, Gene Kelly, Cyd Charisse
3 I rate jungle movies. Any other suggestions?	Wings of Hope

1 Brazil, It's My Party, The Crying Game, The Gay Divorcee, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and Das Boot are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I prefer Charles Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead of Night

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Heavenly Creatures, Strictly Ballroom, Much Ado About Nothing, Grease, My Fair Lady, and My Best Friend's Wedding are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Joseph Fiennes movie.	Shakespeare in Love
2 Who is that directed by?	John Madden
3 I prefer Bernardo Bertolucci movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stealing Beauty

1 I loved Alien, The Usual Suspects, Gladiator, The Bourne Identity, Amélie, Donnie Brasco, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Reality movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality

1 The Usual Suspects, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Toy Story, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Princess Bride are films I really like. I'm looking for an invasion movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I prefer Josh Peck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Dawn

1 Diabolique, Trainspotting, James and the Giant Peach, Ransom, Anne Frank Remembered, Taxi Driver, and Microcosmos are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I rate Jeff Nichols movies. Any other suggestions?	Take Shelter

1 I really liked The Rock, Walk the Line, Enemy at the Gates, The Fighter, Remember the Titans, Hot Fuzz, and The Incredibles. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lord of War
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I rate Kern Saxton movies. Any other suggestions?	Sushi Girl

1 Casablanca, The Big Sleep, My Left Foot, City of God, The Godfather, Babe, and The Deer Hunter are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Huston movie.	Key Largo
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston

1 I like G.I. Jane, Ransom, Rush Hour, The Thomas Crown Affair, Outbreak, Twister, and Heat. I'm looking for a Howard Hawks movie.	Rio Bravo
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne, Dean Martin, Angie Dickinson, Ricky Nelson
3 I rate Phillips Holmes movies. Any other suggestions?	The Criminal Code

1 Touch of Evil, Being John Malkovich, American Beauty, and City of God are films I love. I'm looking for a nonlinear movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I prefer style movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pulp Fiction

1 Fight Club, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Million Dollar Baby, V for Vendetta, Big Fish, The Blues Brothers, and City of God are movies I like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Finding Neverland
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Peter Pan, Marc Forster, playwright, depp
3 I rate baseball movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Big League

1 A Beautiful Mind, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, American History X, Fight Club, The Green Mile, City of God, and Scarface are movies I loved. I'm looking for a r movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, classic, disturbing, violence, Music, violent, psychological, r, future, soundtrack, rape, Stanley Kubrick, controversial, psychiatry, kubrick, Malcolm McDowell, Beethoven, Anthony Burgess
3 I prefer fabulous movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Amélie

1 Glory, Psycho, Lawrence of Arabia, Ran, Fargo, Goodfellas, and Once Upon a Time in the West are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Arizona movie.	Raising Arizona
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, John Goodman, Holly Hunter
3 I rate Bill Paxton movies. Any other suggestions?	Tombstone

1 Broken Arrow, Jurassic Park, Dead Man Walking, Get Shorty, The American President, Outbreak, and Cliffhanger are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I prefer Daniel Radcliffe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Horns

1 The Rock, Jerry Maguire, Father of the Bride Part II, Sense and Sensibility, The English Patient, and Mr. Holland's Opus are films I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Emma
2 Who does that star?	Gwyneth Paltrow, Alan Cumming
3 I rate Derek Jacobi movies. Any other suggestions?	Henry V

1 Pollyanna, The Last Emperor, The Mighty, The Fugitive, Hercules, A Bug's Life, and Mary Poppins are films I really like. I'm looking for an Alicia Silverstone movie.	Excess Baggage
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Benicio Del Toro, Alicia Silverstone, Marco Brambilla
3 I rate Cary Elwes movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crush

1 They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, Gladiator, A Beautiful Mind, Boys Don't Cry, A Place in the Sun, American Beauty, and West Side Story are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Stay
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Ryan Gosling, Naomi Watts
3 I rate Michael Keaton movies. Any other suggestions?	Penthouse North

1 I really like The Elephant Man, Running Scared, Dog Day Afternoon, Big, The Princess Bride, Lethal Weapon, and Hook. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Ashby
3 I prefer Jack Conway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saratoga

1 I watched the films Nine Queens, Inglourious Basterds, Gladiator, Three Kings, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, L.A. Confidential, and Requiem for a Dream and loved them. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bowling for Columbine
2 Who does that star?	Michael Moore
3 I like Zawe Ashton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dreams of a Life

1 Office Space, 12 Angry Men, Lost in Translation, The Shining, Vertigo, North by Northwest, and Rear Window are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	No Country for Old Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen
3 I prefer Stuart Hazeldine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Exam

1 Rain Man, Fargo, Goodfellas, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer Ernst Lubitsch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angel

1 Love Actually, When Harry Met Sally..., Crash, Amélie, Life Is Beautiful, The Big Chill, and St. Elmo's Fire are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Notebook
2 Who is that directed by?	János Szász
3 I rate Michael Apted movies. Any other suggestions?	Amazing Grace

1 It's a Wonderful Life, To Kill a Mockingbird, Saving Private Ryan, Rear Window, Top Hat, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Driving Miss Daisy are films I loved. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I prefer Sabotage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saboteur

1 I like The Maltese Falcon, The Palm Beach Story, The Kid Stays in the Picture, Mildred Pierce, My Man Godfrey, The Shop Around the Corner, and All About My Mother. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Son the Fanatic
2 Who is that directed by?	Udayan Prasad
3 I rate Gurinder Chadha movies. Any other suggestions?	Bend It Like Beckham

1 The Little Mermaid, The Last Emperor, Fargo, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Deer Hunter, The Man Who Would Be King, and Watership Down are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Travolta movie.	Grease
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta, Stockard Channing, Jeff Conaway
3 I like Karen Lynn Gorney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Saturday Night Fever

1 Night of the Living Dead, Panic Room, Pitch Black, The Recruit, The Matrix, Road House, and The Fifth Element are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Longest Yard
2 Who does that star?	Burt Reynolds
3 I prefer Matt Ross movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ed's Next Move

1 I really like The Cutting Edge, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, Apollo 13, The Breakfast Club, and Moonstruck. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	Funny Farm
2 What else is that about?	Chevy Chase, George Roy Hill
3 I like Harold Ramis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Caddyshack

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Weird Science, Heathers, A Close Shave, and The Matrix are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Waiting for Guffman
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Christopher Guest, Fred Willard, Eugene Levy, Parker Posey
3 I rate teacher movies. Any other suggestions?	Rushmore

1 The Matrix, Gladiator, Braveheart, and The Godfather are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Francis Ford Coppola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apocalypse Now

1 L.A. Confidential, The Silence of the Lambs, Gods and Monsters, Happiness, Central Station, October Sky, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I like Alan Parker movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Commitments

1 King Kong, Tora! Tora! Tora!, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Highlander, Ice Age, Die Hard, and Stargate are films I liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I prefer Ray Nazarro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apache Territory

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Shutter Island, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Into the Wild, A Clockwork Orange, The Darjeeling Limited, and Apocalypse Now are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Deepa Mehta movie.	Earth
2 What else is that about?	india, Deepa Mehta
3 I like controversial movies more. Do you know anything else?	Water

1 Rebecca, The Philadelphia Story, Emma, Hamlet, Brazil, Shine, and Gandhi are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Old Yeller
2 What else is that about?	dog, Robert Stevenson
3 I like Family movies more. Do you know anything else?	Free Willy

1 Far and Away, Dogma, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, JFK, Dead Poets Society, and An American Tail are films I liked. I'm looking for a The Beatles movie.	Help!
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Lester
3 I prefer George Dunning movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Yellow Submarine

1 Finding Nemo, Trading Places, Aladdin, Independence Day, Groundhog Day, Saving Private Ryan, and Ghostbusters are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	Stripes
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I rate Harold Ramis movies. Any other suggestions?	Year One

1 Jurassic Park, Saving Private Ryan, Goldfinger, The Frighteners, The Guns of Navarone, Aliens, and The Santa Clause are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	r, disability, Billy Bob Thornton, John Ritter
3 I like Steve Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Parenthood

1 Dances with Wolves, Braveheart, While You Were Sleeping, Forrest Gump, Heat, The Bridges of Madison County, and Ghost are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Nell
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson, Richard Libertini
3 I like Jonathan Rhys Meyers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bend It Like Beckham

1 Schindler's List, Lawrence of Arabia, Ghostbusters, Good Morning, Vietnam, Back to the Future, Jaws, and The Abyss are films I liked. I'm looking for a Ray Liotta movie.	Field of Dreams
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, Amy Madigan
3 I like Portia Doubleday movies more. Do you know anything else?	Youth in Revolt

1 I liked Frequency, Die Hard, Small Soldiers, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Spaceballs, Men of Honor, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a Jeff Daniels movie.	Pleasantville
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Reese Witherspoon, Tobey Maguire, Jeff Daniels, William H. Macy, Joan Allen, Don Knotts, Gary Ross
3 I like spiders movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arachnophobia

1 Good Will Hunting, The Departed, Fight Club, Pretty in Pink, Little Miss Sunshine, The Illusionist, and Before Sunrise are movies I like. I'm looking for a Christopher Guest movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I rate mockumentary movies. Any other suggestions?	For Your Consideration

1 Crash, Hotel Rwanda, The Sixth Sense, K-PAX, and Evil are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Russell Crowe, schizophrenia, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, book, Ron Howard, Paul Bettany, economics, Josh Lucas
3 I prefer Jean Becker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love Me No More

1 U.S. Marshals, Life as a House, Funny Girl, Die Hard 2, Music of the Heart, Antitrust, and Demolition Man are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Rules of Engagement
2 Who does that star?	Samuel L. Jackson, Tommy Lee Jones
3 I rate Josh Brolin movies. Any other suggestions?	No Country for Old Men

1 I liked I, Robot, The Prestige, The Butterfly Effect, 12 Angry Men, Schindler's List, Sunshine, and Vanilla Sky. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 Who does that star?	Gary Cooper
3 I prefer Dylan McDermott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Miracle on 34th Street

1 Billy Madison, The Ghost and the Darkness, The Birds, A Christmas Carol, Schindler's List, Grease, and The Shining are films I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Rebel Without a Cause
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicholas Ray
3 I prefer Woody Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Manhattan

1 The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Queen of the Damned, The Village, Bowling for Columbine, Van Helsing, Underworld, and Pay It Forward are movies I love. I'm looking for an Aliens movie.	Dreamcatcher
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, Stephen King, Alien
3 I rate story movies. Any other suggestions?	Close Encounters of the Third Kind

1 Back to the Future, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Toy Story 2, Persepolis, Wayne's World, The Others, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Stoning of Soraya M.
2 What else is that about?	iran
3 I like cia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kill the Messenger

1 The Great Escape, Slumdog Millionaire, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Iron Man, Alice in Wonderland, Persuasion, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Nicholas Hoult movie.	About a Boy
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Grant, Nicholas Hoult
3 I prefer Teresa Palmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Warm Bodies

1 The Patriot, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, Finding Nemo, Outbreak, Kung Fu Panda, and Gladiator are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Vertical Limit
2 What else is that about?	Action
3 I like Michael Crichton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Runaway

1 I liked Pulp Fiction, Beauty and the Beast, Sense and Sensibility, Heat, True Lies, GoldenEye, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I rate paranormal movies. Any other suggestions?	Ghostbusters II

1 The First Wives Club, First Kid, James and the Giant Peach, The Nutty Professor, Sense and Sensibility, Harriet the Spy, and Ransom are movies I like. I'm looking for a stupid movie.	The Stupids
2 What else is that about?	stupid
3 I rate Halloween movies. Any other suggestions?	Ernest Scared Stupid

1 Running on Empty, The English Patient, Central Station, Carlito's Way, Jackie Brown, A Prophet, and House of Flying Daggers are movies I like. I'm looking for an idi amin movie.	The Last King of Scotland
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Forest Whitaker, James McAvoy, uganda, idi amin, Kevin Macdonald, doctor

1 I liked Spaceballs, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, U-571, Back to the Future Part II, Donnie Brasco, Charlie's Angels, and There's Something About Mary. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Remember the Titans
2 What else is that about?	Drama, High School, sports, racism, Denzel Washington, Boaz Yakin
3 I rate Tim McGraw movies. Any other suggestions?	The Blind Side

1 Pulp Fiction, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Army of Darkness, Gladiator, Rosemary's Baby, Jurassic Park, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Son of Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Bela Lugosi, Basil Rathbone, Rowland V. Lee
3 I prefer Nicolas Cage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vampire's Kiss

1 Donnie Darko, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Being John Malkovich, Back to the Future, Reservoir Dogs, The Godfather, and The Big Lebowski are films I loved. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Walk the Line
2 What else is that about?	Music, Joaquin Phoenix, biographical, Reese Witherspoon, country music, Johnny Cash, James Mangold, Country
3 I like gay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Milk

1 American Beauty, Shrek, Princess Mononoke, Amélie, Deliverance, Mystic River, and The Magnificent Seven are films I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Metropolis
2 What else is that about?	Animation, anime, tezuka
3 I prefer John Korty movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Twice Upon a Time

1 I really like Mr. Deeds, Mulan, What Women Want, Shanghai Noon, Remember the Titans, 40 Days and 40 Nights, and Scary Movie. I'm looking for a Jason Segel movie.	Slackers
2 Who is that directed by?	Dewey Nicks
3 I rate Mark Duplass movies. Any other suggestions?	Jeff, Who Lives at Home

1 The Little Mermaid, The Shawshank Redemption, Dogma, Mallrats, Giant, The Princess Bride, and Labyrinth are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Down to You
2 Who does that star?	Julia Stiles, Selma Blair
3 I like Joe Flynn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Million Dollar Duck

1 I liked The Full Monty, Fargo, A Grand Day Out, Babe, The Usual Suspects, The Spanish Prisoner, and Election. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Swingers
2 What else is that about?	Vince Vaughn, Heather Graham, 90s, 1, Jon Favreau, Doug Liman
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Last Man Standing

1 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Aladdin, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Twilight
2 What else is that about?	r, Gene Hackman, Reese Witherspoon
3 I prefer Jonah Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Strange Wilderness

1 Forbidden Planet, Shine, A Fistful of Dollars, King Kong, Doctor Zhivago, The Third Man, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Vertigo
2 What else is that about?	classic, 70mm, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, San Francisco, California, bernard herrmann
3 I like Horror movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sacrament

1 Casablanca, Moulin Rouge!, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Rear Window, The Dark Knight, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Serenity
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I like Bernard McEveety movies more. Do you know anything else?	One Little Indian

1 The Godfather, Sense and Sensibility, Cliffhanger, Leaving Las Vegas, Beauty and the Beast, The Madness of King George, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Leonardo DiCaprio, addiction, Mark Wahlberg, basketball, heroin
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rescue Dawn

1 Reservoir Dogs, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Butter, Her, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Incredibles, and Groundhog Day are films I liked. I'm looking for a Seth Rogen movie.	Observe and Report
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Seth Rogen, Anna Faris
3 I like Barbra Streisand movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Guilt Trip

1 I really like Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Nixon, Airplane!, Something Wild, The General, Jules and Jim, and Do the Right Thing. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Big Knife
2 Who does that star?	Wendell Corey, Jack Palance, Jean Hagen, Ida Lupino

1 I loved Happy Gilmore, Trading Places, Varsity Blues, The Godfather, Gladiator, The Wedding Singer, and Scrooged. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Cable Guy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jim Carrey, Ben Stiller, Matthew Broderick
3 I rate Richard Benjamin movies. Any other suggestions?	Milk Money

1 Donnie Brasco, Nobody's Fool, Short Cuts, Jerry Maguire, The Negotiator, Darby O'Gill and the Little People, and Fletch are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	The Replacement Killers
2 Who is that directed by?	Antoine Fuqua
3 I prefer Alfred Hitchcock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pleasure Garden

1 Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, Speed, In the Line of Fire, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Sleepless in Seattle, and Taxi Driver are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate Satyajit Ray movies. Any other suggestions?	Aparajito

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Sense and Sensibility, Blade Runner, The Piano, The Usual Suspects, A Close Shave, and A Grand Day Out are films I liked. I'm looking for a Jenny Agutter movie.	Walkabout
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Nicolas Roeg, Jenny Agutter
3 I prefer John Landis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An American Werewolf in London

1 I really liked The Hours, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Run Lola Run, Moonstruck, Chocolat, The Matrix, and City Lights. I'm looking for a Jerzy Skolimowski movie.	Moonlighting
2 Who is that directed by?	Jerzy Skolimowski

1 Fanny and Alexander, North by Northwest, The Godfather, The General, Once Upon a Time in America, Apocalypse Now, and Vertigo are movies I like. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Yojimbo
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa

1 Dances with Wolves, Con Air, The Name of the Rose, Army of Darkness, Air Force One, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Chill
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer Bob Rafelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The King of Marvin Gardens

1 I really like Annie Hall, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Blade Runner, 8½, Citizen Kane, Psycho, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Gandhi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, own, india, biographical, Ben Kingsley, Richard Attenborough, Gandhi
3 I prefer Ralph Fiennes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Invisible Woman

1 I liked The Silence of the Lambs, Dave, Pulp Fiction, The Celluloid Closet, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and A Little Princess. I'm looking for a biopic movie.	What's Love Got to Do with It
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Gibson
3 I rate Franco Zeffirelli movies. Any other suggestions?	Brother Sun, Sister Moon

1 I love Fried Green Tomatoes, Sideways, Office Space, Pulp Fiction, Heathers, The Sixth Sense, and Pinocchio. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Motorcycle Diaries
2 Who does that star?	Gael García Bernal, Rodrigo De la Serna
3 I rate John Hannah movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mummy Returns

1 300, The Green Mile, The Shawshank Redemption, The Avengers, and The Dark Knight are movies I liked. I'm looking for a propaganda movie.	Zero Dark Thirty
2 Who does that star?	Jason Clarke, Jessica Chastain, Kyle Chandler
3 I like Adolf Hitler movies more. Do you know anything else?	Triumph of the Will

1 I liked The Secret Garden, Pinocchio, Casino, Beauty and the Beast, Dances with Wolves, Courage Under Fire, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a Holiday movie.	The Nightmare Before Christmas
2 Who does that star?	Catherine O'Hara, Chris Sarandon, William Hickey, Danny Elfman
3 I like Fred Astaire movies more. Do you know anything else?	Holiday Inn

1 Apollo 13, Jurassic Park, Broken Arrow, The Client, True Lies, and GoldenEye are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	The Firm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, John Grisham, David Strathairn
3 I rate Julia Roberts movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pelican Brief

1 Braveheart, Toy Story 2, Masters of the Universe, Goldfinger, Reality Bites, Twin Dragons, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addicted to Love
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Broderick, Meg Ryan, Kelly Preston, Tchéky Karyo
3 I prefer Albert Brooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World

1 Get on the Bus, Scream, Selena, The Preacher's Wife, Twister, The Rock, and The Fifth Element are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Anaconda
2 Who does that star?	Jon Voight, Jennifer Lopez, Ice Cube, Eric Stoltz
3 I like Nick Mancuso movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mother Lode

1 Gladiator, The Shawshank Redemption, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Usual Suspects, City of God, Braveheart, and American Beauty are movies I liked. I'm looking for a future movie.	Back to the Future
2 What else is that about?	High School, sequel, future, Steven Spielberg, story, science fiction, teen, national film registry, spielberg, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, tv, Robert Zemeckis, time, sf, hugo award, Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson, Back to the Future
3 I rate Doug Liman movies. Any other suggestions?	Edge of Tomorrow

1 Alien, The Killing Fields, Dune, Life Is Beautiful, Saving Private Ryan, Driving Miss Daisy, and Gandhi are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I prefer Meryl Streep movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mamma Mia!

1 I like The Shining, The Abyss, Goodfellas, First Blood, The Avengers, The Whole Nine Yards, and Austin Powers in Goldmember. I'm looking for a karate movie.	The Karate Kid, Part III
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, sequel, Ralph Macchio, karate, John G. Avildsen
3 I rate Pat Morita movies. Any other suggestions?	The Karate Kid, Part II

1 The Reader, Into the Wild, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Brazil, Inglourious Basterds, Clerks, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Funny Games
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, remake, torture, Naomi Watts, Tim Roth, Hostage, Michael Haneke, Michael Pitt
3 I rate world war ii movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Book

1 Bowling for Columbine, The Usual Suspects, The Opposite of Sex, American History X, The Silence of the Lambs, Trainspotting, and Office Space are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Y Tu Mamá También
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sexuality, Road Trip, sex, sexual, mexico, Spanish, mexican, Alfonso Cuarón, Diego Luna, Gael García Bernal
3 I prefer Italian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Vitelloni

1 L.A. Confidential, A Christmas Carol, The Joy Luck Club, The Untouchables, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Rob Roy, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sherlock Holmes movie.	Young Sherlock Holmes
2 What else is that about?	Sherlock Holmes, get
3 I prefer Nigel Bruce movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sherlock Holmes Faces Death

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, American Beauty, Ghost in the Shell, Princess Mononoke, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Iron Monkey
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Donnie Yen
3 I like hong kong movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kung Fu Hustle

1 I like The American President, Zero Effect, Primer, Runaway Train, My Son the Fanatic, The Assignment, and Vanilla Sky. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Year My Voice Broke
2 Who is that directed by?	John Duigan
3 I like Kevin Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tusk

1 Raising Arizona, Blade Runner, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Princess Bride, Friday, L.A. Confidential, and Welcome to the Dollhouse are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I like Jackie Chan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Big Soldier

1 American Gangster, Face/Off, Point of No Return, Frailty, Death Sentence, Pulp Fiction, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	From Paris with Love
2 What else is that about?	Paris, John Travolta
3 I prefer Laurence Fishburne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Predators

1 Toy Story, Babe, Toy Story 2, Blade Runner, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Jake Gyllenhaal movie.	October Sky
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston
3 I like Denis Villeneuve movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enemy

1 I like The Sting, Braveheart, The Untouchables, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Silence of the Lambs, Animal House, and Patton. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, Harry Dean Stanton, Veronica Cartwright
3 I prefer Katie Aselton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Rock

1 Alien, Starship Troopers, The Matrix, Saving Private Ryan, Jurassic Park, The Thing, and Back to the Future are films I love. I'm looking for a Ralph Richardson movie.	Time Bandits
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Sean Connery, imagination, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, time, gilliam, Shelley Duvall, Ralph Richardson
3 I like Peter MacNicol movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dragonslayer

1 Trainspotting, Heat, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Clueless, and Sleepless in Seattle are films I like. I'm looking for a Joel Schumacher movie.	A Time to Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I like Michael Schultz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Car Wash

1 Ikiru, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Once, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kenji Mizoguchi movie.	Sansho the Bailiff
2 What else is that about?	Kenji Mizoguchi
3 I prefer japan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ugetsu

1 Gremlins, Romancing the Stone, The Karate Kid, The Parent Trap, Superman, Starship Troopers, and Independence Day are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John Carpenter movie.	Escape from New York
2 What else is that about?	Action, new york city, future, Prison, New York, Kurt Russell, John Carpenter, snake plissken, snake
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghosts of Mars

1 I watched the films K-PAX, Ghostbusters, Avatar, 300, Dogma, Donnie Darko, and Batman Begins and loved them. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Pitch Black
2 What else is that about?	Action, space, science fiction, anti-hero, Vin Diesel, Alien, Riddick, David Twohy, Cole Hauser
3 I prefer jesse ventura movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Predator

1 I love Pretty Woman, Indecent Proposal, Don Juan DeMarco, Charlie's Angels, Cool Runnings, Ice Age, and Cruel Intentions. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Point Break
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Patrick Swayze, Gary Busey, Lori Petty
3 I like Dianna Agron movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Family

1 Pulp Fiction, Trainspotting, Miracle on 34th Street, Immortal Beloved, Natural Born Killers, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried
3 I like María Félix movies more. Do you know anything else?	French Cancan

1 I really like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Godfather, American History X, Awakenings, The Shawshank Redemption, The Pianist, and Murder in the First. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Count of Monte Cristo
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Vernay
3 I like Feo Aladag movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inbetween Worlds

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, A Grand Day Out, A Close Shave, There's Something About Mary, The Wrong Trousers, Spaceballs, and Billy Madison are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bean
2 What else is that about?	Rowan Atkinson
3 I like Frankenstein movies more. Do you know anything else?	Frankenhooker

1 I really like Forrest Gump, Slumdog Millionaire, Good Will Hunting, Star Trek, School of Rock, The Hangover, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for a War movie.	300
2 What else is that about?	comic book, War, r, historical, Epic, Gerard Butler, visual, Frank Miller, Zack Snyder, graphic novel, comic, queen, king, thermopylae
3 I prefer Sam Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Command Decision

1 Rain Man, Raising Arizona, Army of Darkness, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Graduate, Dances with Wolves, and Rob Roy are movies I like. I'm looking for a Leslie Nielsen movie.	Forbidden Planet
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred M. Wilcox
3 I rate David Zucker movies. Any other suggestions?	Airplane!

1 I loved Tangled, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, The Wedding Singer, Finding Nemo, Shrek, Coraline, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Patrick Wilson movie.	The Phantom of the Opera
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I like James Wan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Conjuring

1 House of Flying Daggers, Key Largo, Cool Hand Luke, Gone with the Wind, Charade, Harold and Maude, and Y Tu Mamá También are movies I really like. I'm looking for an euthanasia movie.	The Sea Inside
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Amenábar
3 I rate Barry Levinson movies. Any other suggestions?	You Don't Know Jack

1 I like Taxi Driver, The Silence of the Lambs, Get Shorty, Quiz Show, Pretty Woman, The Fugitive, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Sigourney Weaver movie.	Dave
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer Ridley Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alien

1 The Game, Meet the Parents, Forrest Gump, The Sixth Sense, The Fugitive, The Wizard of Oz, and A Beautiful Mind are films I loved. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	My Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Joel Rubin

1 As Good as It Gets, The Matrix, Matilda, The Three Musketeers, Gladiator, The Gold Rush, and The Negotiator are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand and Deliver
2 What else is that about?	True Story, High School, teacher, Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer Aaron Eckhart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Possession

1 I liked Platoon, Good Morning, Vietnam, Groundhog Day, Gladiator, The Silence of the Lambs, Ran, and Being There. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Topsy-Turvy
2 Who does that star?	Allan Corduner
3 I rate Miranda July movies. Any other suggestions?	The Future

1 I really liked Breakdown, A Fish Called Wanda, Private Parts, Out of Sight, In the Line of Fire, Wag the Dog, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a Michael Moore movie.	The Big One
2 What else is that about?	Michael Moore
3 I rate History movies. Any other suggestions?	Fahrenheit 9/11

1 Chicago, The Muppet Movie, Dirty Dancing, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, A Fish Called Wanda, Enemy at the Gates, and As Good as It Gets are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	The Horse Whisperer
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford
3 I prefer Sidney Poitier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sneakers

1 Heat, The Fugitive, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, Natural Born Killers, and Dances with Wolves are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Meg Ryan movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Cut

1 The Little Mermaid, Repo Man, Stargate, White Squall, MASH, Say Anything..., and All About Eve are movies I love. I'm looking for a Chuck Russell movie.	The Blob
2 What else is that about?	remake, Chuck Russell
3 I like Arnold Schwarzenegger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eraser

1 The Net, Forrest Gump, Babe, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a romantic movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Sandra Bullock, Romantic Comedy, Bill Pullman, Jon Turteltaub
3 I like Kirsten Dunst movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 Patton, The Silence of the Lambs, Stand by Me, Forrest Gump, Dead Man Walking, MASH, and Fargo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a 1950s movie.	Quiz Show
2 What else is that about?	1950s, Ralph Fiennes, Robert Redford, John Turturro, Hank Azaria, Christopher McDonald, Paul Scofield, David Paymer
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hours

1 Saving Private Ryan, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Green Mile, The Dirty Dozen, Dirty Harry, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rain Man
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Tom Cruise, Dustin Hoffman, Barry Levinson, Valeria Golino
3 I prefer William Friedkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Boys in the Band

1 Die Hard, High Noon, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Natural, Sophie's Choice, The Firm, and In the Name of the Father are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Atlantic City
2 Who is that directed by?	Louis Malle
3 I rate Ola Simonsson movies. Any other suggestions?	Sound of Noise

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Akira, Vertigo, Fight Club, The Shawshank Redemption, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Being John Malkovich are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Princess Mononoke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Drama, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, Japanese, miyazaki, forest, Princess, gods, historical fantasy
3 I like Charlie Kaufman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Being John Malkovich

1 On the Town, Fried Green Tomatoes, Gulliver's Travels, Cold Comfort Farm, In the Heat of the Night, Shine, and Doctor Zhivago are films I really like. I'm looking for a Lawrence Kasdan movie.	The Big Chill
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan

1 I like Beauty and the Beast, Sleepless in Seattle, Crimson Tide, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I like imaginary friend movies more. Do you know anything else?	Drop Dead Fred

1 Philadelphia, Dead Man Walking, The Madness of King George, The Usual Suspects, Dolores Claiborne, The Birdcage, and Schindler's List are films I loved. I'm looking for a world war i movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I prefer Howard Hughes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hell's Angels

1 Waterworld, Apocalypse Now, Some Kind of Wonderful, Armageddon, Platoon, Full Metal Jacket, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	Funny Farm
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I prefer Steve Pink movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hot Tub Time Machine

1 Labyrinth, The Sweet Hereafter, Gandhi, Being John Malkovich, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Tank Girl, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mad Love
2 Who does that star?	Pilar López de Ayala, Daniele Liotti
3 I rate Meryl Streep movies. Any other suggestions?	Dancing at Lughnasa

1 Run Lola Run, Schindler's List, The African Queen, Hackers, and Elling are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Vincent Cassel movie.	Read My Lips
2 What else is that about?	r, Vincent Cassel, Jacques Audiard
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dobermann

1 Independence Day, The Beach, Gattaca, Scream, Cat People, Friday the 13th, and The Craft are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fright Night
2 What else is that about?	vampire, Chris Sarandon, Tom Holland, Roddy McDowall
3 I rate Jon Lovitz movies. Any other suggestions?	High School High

1 I really like Traffic, Taxi Driver, Shakespeare in Love, Big Night, The Quiet Man, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Jack Lemmon movie.	The Odd Couple
2 What else is that about?	Jack Lemmon, Neil Simon, Gene Saks
3 I rate James Cagney movies. Any other suggestions?	Mister Roberts

1 The Maltese Falcon, Citizen Kane, Metropolis, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, Doctor Zhivago, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Graduate are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Tony Curtis movie.	Spartacus
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas, Laurence Olivier, Charles Laughton, Jean Simmons
3 I like Tony Curtis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Operation Petticoat

1 I really liked A League of Their Own, City of God, Gremlins, Pulp Fiction, Saving Private Ryan, The Prestige, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Memphis Belle
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Harry Connick Jr.
3 I prefer france movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Two Men Went to War

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, The Godfather, Requiem for a Dream, Amélie, Brazil, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Christopher Nolan movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I prefer Liam Neeson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Batman Begins

1 I really like While You Were Sleeping, Amistad, Sleepless in Seattle, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The American President, The Saint, and Scream. I'm looking for a Ridley Scott movie.	G.I. Jane
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott, Demi Moore
3 I prefer Eric Bana movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Hawk Down

1 Ocean's Eleven, The Prince and Me, What Women Want, She's All That, The Mask of Zorro, Beauty and the Beast, and Runaway Bride are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	View from the Top
2 What else is that about?	Gwyneth Paltrow, Bruno Barreto
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	A Bug's Life

1 Man on the Moon, Do the Right Thing, Bowfinger, Rushmore, The Insider, Schindler's List, and Sleeper are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Bob Clark movie.	A Christmas Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Clark

1 The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Forrest Gump, and The Lion King are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I like Shirley Temple movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bright Eyes

1 Dawn of the Dead, The Exorcist, The Matrix, A Fish Called Wanda, Pulp Fiction, Carrie, and American Psycho are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Halloween
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I rate Noel Tan movies. Any other suggestions?	Darkest Night

1 Jeremiah Johnson, A Clockwork Orange, Amélie, Into the Wild, and Evil Dead II are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dawn of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, zombies, r, remake, directorial debut, zombie, Zack Snyder, Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames
3 I like Donald Pleasence movies more. Do you know anything else?	Halloween

1 I love The Last King of Scotland, Best in Show, Election, Arizona Dream, Sicko, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Babel. I'm looking for a sex movie.	Secretary
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Shainberg
3 I like Bill Condon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kinsey

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, Phenomenon, The Terminator, The Mask, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and loved them. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Batman
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Michael Keaton, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sleepy Hollow

1 I watched the films Braveheart, Shakespeare in Love, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Young Frankenstein, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Toy Story, and Some Like It Hot and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	His Girl Friday
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Ralph Bellamy, Rosalind Russell
3 I rate George Segal movies. Any other suggestions?	The Owl and the Pussycat

1 I love The Godfather, Apocalypse Now, Gladiator, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Saving Private Ryan, Blade Runner, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Jane Fonda movie.	Barbarella
2 Who does that star?	Jane Fonda
3 I like Meg Tilly movies more. Do you know anything else?	Agnes of God

1 Being John Malkovich, When Harry Met Sally..., Magnolia, The Player, The Breakfast Club, Do the Right Thing, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I liked. I'm looking for a Steve Buscemi movie.	Living in Oblivion
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, Catherine Keener
3 I rate bar movies. Any other suggestions?	Trees Lounge

1 I love Repulsion, Sideways, The Lives of Others, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Sling Blade, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Pianist. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Return
2 What else is that about?	island
3 I prefer William Faulkner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Intruder in the Dust

1 I really like The Fugitive, In the Line of Fire, Aladdin, Dances with Wolves, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Lion King, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Outbreak
2 Who is that directed by?	Wolfgang Petersen
3 I rate Antoine Fuqua movies. Any other suggestions?	Olympus Has Fallen

1 Coming to America, The Illusionist, Braveheart, The Bourne Supremacy, The Shawshank Redemption, The Abyss, and Princess Mononoke are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Hillcoat movie.	Lawless
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Gary Oldman, Guy Pearce, Shia LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, prohibition, John Hillcoat, moonshine
3 I rate tense movies. Any other suggestions?	The Road

1 Sling Blade, My Cousin Vinny, Titanic, Much Ado About Nothing, Das Boot, The Last of the Mohicans, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fried Green Tomatoes
2 What else is that about?	Drama, friendship, murder, lesbian, women, Kathy Bates, Mary Stuart Masterson, Jessica Tandy, Jon Avnet
3 I rate René Clément movies. Any other suggestions?	Forbidden Games

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Cocoon, The Sixth Sense, Office Space, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Hang 'Em High, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fearless
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Bridges, Peter Weir, Isabella Rossellini
3 I like Danny Glover movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rainmaker

1 I really liked Sleepless in Seattle, American Pie, Pretty Woman, Toy Story, White Men Can't Jump, Wayne's World, and I Know What You Did Last Summer. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Elf
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, christmas, Will Ferrell, Zooey Deschanel, New York, Jon Favreau, elves, James Caan, will ferrel
3 I rate ireland movies. Any other suggestions?	Divorcing Jack

1 I loved Being There, The Ice Storm, Gandhi, House of Games, Die Hard, As Good as It Gets, and The Apostle. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Rapture
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Tolkin
3 I prefer Manoel de Oliveira movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Abraham's Valley

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, Clear and Present Danger, Apollo 13, Beauty and the Beast, The Fugitive, and Forrest Gump are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	Outbreak
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo
3 I prefer Brian Cox movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Troy

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Stargate, Bambi, The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, The Abyss, and The Terminator are films I loved. I'm looking for a Barry Sonnenfeld movie.	Men in Black
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld

1 The Madness of King George, Once Were Warriors, In the Name of the Father, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, Eat Drink Man Woman, and Fargo are movies I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Devil in a Blue Dress
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington, Don Cheadle, Tom Sizemore, Jennifer Beals
3 I rate Sebastian Koch movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lives of Others

1 I watched the films The Dark Knight, Big, When Harry Met Sally..., Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Terminator, and The Matrix and loved them. I'm looking for a Peter Bogdanovich movie.	Mask
2 Who does that star?	Sam Elliott, Eric Stoltz, Cher
3 I prefer Timothy Bottoms movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Picture Show

1 Ghost, Mulan, The Mummy Returns, Twister, Executive Decision, The Three Musketeers, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Junior
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I rate Amy Heckerling movies. Any other suggestions?	I Could Never Be Your Woman

1 The Godfather, The Straight Story, The Parent Trap, Sneakers, Field of Dreams, Batman Begins, and A Few Good Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cinderella Man
2 What else is that about?	boxing, Russell Crowe, Paul Giamatti, Ron Howard
3 I prefer na movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bat*21

1 I really like Schindler's List, Three Days of the Condor, The Silence of the Lambs, The Full Monty, The Sixth Sense, The Maltese Falcon, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a James Ivory movie.	A Room with a View
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, italy, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Room with a View

1 Notorious, Nixon, Richard III, My Fair Lady, Election, Camelot, and Days of Heaven are films I like. I'm looking for a Claire Denis movie.	White Material
2 Who is that directed by?	Claire Denis

1 I watched the films Run Lola Run, Double Indemnity, King Kong, The Ice Storm, Fanny and Alexander, There's Something About Mary, and Buffalo '66 and loved them. I'm looking for a Max von Sydow movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 What else is that about?	classic, death, medieval, Ingmar Bergman, Swedish, god, chess, Max von Sydow, seven
3 I prefer immigrants movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pelle the Conqueror

1 I love Gone with the Wind, The Exorcist, Poltergeist, True Lies, Mary Poppins, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Lethal Weapon. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Little Princess
2 What else is that about?	Shirley Temple, Walter Lang
3 I prefer Jean Renoir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toni

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Metropolitan, Dogma, The Lady Vanishes, The Celluloid Closet, Aliens, and The Joy Luck Club are movies I loved. I'm looking for a lynch movie.	The Elephant Man
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lynch

1 Double Indemnity, The Blair Witch Project, The Postman Always Rings Twice, Memento, Imitation of Life, The 400 Blows, and Before Night Falls are films I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	42nd Street
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Busby Berkeley, Lloyd Bacon
3 I prefer Fred Astaire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Funny Face

1 Cast Away, Saving Private Ryan, A River Runs Through It, JFK, Schindler's List, Little Women, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Little Mermaid
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, disney, own, animated, disney animated feature, Mermaid, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, John Musker
3 I rate Carlos Saura movies. Any other suggestions?	Carmen

1 I really liked Grave of the Fireflies, The Usual Suspects, The Bridge on the River Kwai, A Few Good Men, Finding Nemo, The Silence of the Lambs, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a masterpiece movie.	Rashomon
2 Who does that star?	Takashi Shimura, Masayuki Mori

1 Hackers, The Philadelphia Story, Dances with Wolves, Memento, So I Married an Axe Murderer, As Good as It Gets, and JFK are movies I loved. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Blade Runner
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Young, Rutger Hauer, Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer Clark Gable movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Dust

1 Babe, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Boys Don't Cry, Dead Poets Society, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Silence of the Lambs, and Romeo + Juliet are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fun, Ben Stiller, Cameron Diaz, tv, funniest movies, 2, Matt Dillon, farrelly brothers
3 I prefer Edward F. Cline movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bank Dick

1 I really like A Christmas Story, Wayne's World, Gladiator, The Abyss, Predator, Full Metal Jacket, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sarah Polley, Timothy Olyphant, Katie Holmes, Doug Liman
3 I like Private School movies more. Do you know anything else?	Private School

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Man for All Seasons, Les Misérables, Citizen Kane, Ghostbusters, The Great Escape, and The African Queen are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Searching for Bobby Fischer
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Joan Allen, Joe Mantegna, Max Pomeranc
3 I prefer Mel Gibson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Beaver

1 Crimes and Misdemeanors, Amélie, Moonrise Kingdom, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Paths of Glory, Fantastic Mr. Fox, and Scent of a Woman are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Naked Lunch
2 What else is that about?	drugs, dreamlike, David Cronenberg, cronenberg, William S. Burroughs
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seven Pounds

1 A Scanner Darkly, Pineapple Express, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Up in Smoke, Grandma's Boy, Pulp Fiction, and Billy Madison are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	A Perfect Getaway
2 Who does that star?	Milla Jovovich, Timothy Olyphant, Steve Zahn, Kiele Sanchez
3 I like Hayley Mills movies more. Do you know anything else?	That Darn Cat!

1 I watched the films All Quiet on the Western Front, Big, A Bronx Tale, Monsters, Inc., Shakespeare in Love, The Wizard of Oz, and Young Frankenstein and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, War, Uma Thurman, Terry Gilliam, gilliam, Eric Idle, Jonathan Pryce
3 I rate Edgar Rice Burroughs movies. Any other suggestions?	Tarzan the Ape Man

1 Jurassic Park, Rear Window, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Stand by Me, Shadowlands, Les Misérables, and Four Weddings and a Funeral are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	Jean de Florette
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Berri
3 I prefer Michel Hazanavicius movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Artist

1 I really liked End of Days, Wedding Crashers, Hitch, Independence Day, The Muppet Movie, The Fugitive, and Twins. I'm looking for a Frankenstein movie.	Frankenstein
2 Who does that star?	Mary Fuller, Charles Ogle, Augustus Phillips
3 I prefer Peter Cushing movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed

1 Pulp Fiction and Batman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Tom Sizemore, Juliette Lewis
3 I rate Richard Conte movies. Any other suggestions?	The Brothers Rico

1 Ordinary People, Analyze This, The Money Pit, Apocalypse Now, A Room with a View, Ben-Hur, and Contact are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Kevin Spacey movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey
3 I rate Sam Rockwell movies. Any other suggestions?	Moon

1 I really like Stand by Me, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Usual Suspects, 12 Angry Men, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and A Grand Day Out. I'm looking for a Kevin Smith movie.	Clerks
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith

1 I loved Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Edward Scissorhands, Jacob's Ladder, Black Swan, Schindler's List, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Bound. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Welcome to the Dollhouse
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Todd Solondz, Heather Matarazzo
3 I like Sam Weisman movies more. Do you know anything else?	What's the Worst That Could Happen?

1 Cool Runnings, Ruthless People, Hocus Pocus, Down and Out in Beverly Hills, Big Business, Outrageous Fortune, and Beaches are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Rose
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Rydell
3 I like Francis Ford Coppola movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rainmaker

1 Life Is Beautiful, Amélie, As Good as It Gets, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Red Violin, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Spanglish
2 What else is that about?	Adam Sandler, James L. Brooks, Paz Vega
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Severance

1 The Matrix, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Toy Story 2, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Pulp Fiction, and Toy Story are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bananas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Woody Allen
3 I prefer Mike Nichols movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Postcards from the Edge

1 I loved The Breakfast Club, National Lampoon's Vacation, The Gauntlet, Con Air, The Omen, The Little Shop of Horrors, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for a Don Coscarelli movie.	The Beastmaster
2 Who does that star?	Rip Torn, John Amos, Tanya Roberts, Marc Singer
3 I rate Bill Thornbury movies. Any other suggestions?	Phantasm

1 The Doors, Forrest Gump, Eyes Wide Shut, Minority Report, Fight Club, Brotherhood of the Wolf, and Apocalypse Now are movies I really like. I'm looking for an island movie.	The Beach
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I prefer Cy Endfield movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mysterious Island

1 The Bourne Identity, Walk the Line, Shrek, The Wrong Trousers, Finding Nemo, Saving Private Ryan, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	The Fifth Element
2 Who is that directed by?	Luc Besson
3 I like Peter Medak movies more. Do you know anything else?	Romeo Is Bleeding

1 I like The Dead Zone, The Maltese Falcon, The Usual Suspects, The Manchurian Candidate, The Omen, The Fisher King, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I prefer investigation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Zodiac

1 I liked My Left Foot, Being There, Hamlet, Traffic, Die Hard, Goodfellas, and Longtime Companion. I'm looking for an István Szabó movie.	Sunshine
2 Who is that directed by?	István Szabó

1 My Fair Lady, Aladdin, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Mary Poppins, The Lion King, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Halloween are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nine Months
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, arnold, Romantic Comedy, Hugh Grant, Julianne Moore, Jeff Goldblum, Chris Columbus, Joan Cusack, Tom Arnold
3 I prefer Juliette Binoche movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dan in Real Life

1 Gattaca, A Grand Day Out, West Side Story, The Exorcist, Carrie, Quiz Show, and Caddyshack are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	George Washington
2 What else is that about?	David Gordon Green
3 I prefer Béla Tarr movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Turin Horse

1 I really like Dead Poets Society, 12 Angry Men, Ghostbusters, Taxi Driver, Braveheart, The Color Purple, and The Blues Brothers. I'm looking for a terrorism movie.	Arlington Road
2 What else is that about?	r, terrorism, Jeff Bridges
3 I rate Forest Whitaker movies. Any other suggestions?	Vantage Point

1 I watched the films Drugstore Cowboy, Shadowlands, The Player, The Wizard of Oz, North by Northwest, The Hudsucker Proxy, and The Insider and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I prefer Clark Gable movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night Nurse

1 Twister, The Rock, Good Will Hunting, The Last of the Mohicans, What About Bob?, What Dreams May Come, and The Princess Bride are films I loved. I'm looking for a siam movie.	Anna and the King
2 Who is that directed by?	Andy Tennant

1 I love Bringing Up Baby, Fargo, The Godfather, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Remains of the Day, Duck Soup, and In the Company of Men. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ran

1 I really like Ghost, Annie Hall, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Casablanca, Stepmom, Rush Hour 2, and Cinderella. I'm looking for a summer camp movie.	Indian Summer
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Binder
3 I like David Wain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wet Hot American Summer

1 On the Waterfront, Platoon, Bonnie and Clyde, Dog Day Afternoon, A Clockwork Orange, 12 Angry Men, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a William Holden movie.	The Wild Bunch
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, Robert Ryan
3 I rate Clifton Webb movies. Any other suggestions?	Satan Never Sleeps

1 Ladyhawke, Labyrinth, The Matrix, Schindler's List, The Dark Crystal, A Christmas Story, and Meet Me in St. Louis are movies I liked. I'm looking for an oz movie.	The Wizard of Oz
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Music, War, Musical, original, national film registry, own, get, midgets, Victor Fleming, Judy Garland, technicolor, oz, Jack Haley
3 I rate Rachel Weisz movies. Any other suggestions?	Oz the Great and Powerful

1 I liked Young Frankenstein, Memento, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Big Sleep, Harvey, The Jerk, and Psycho. I'm looking for a Pirates movie.	Captain Blood
2 Who does that star?	Basil Rathbone, Olivia de Havilland, Errol Flynn
3 I rate Linda Ronstadt movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pirates of Penzance

1 The Lion King, Pretty Woman, While You Were Sleeping, Dances with Wolves, The Piano, Schindler's List, and GoldenEye are movies I like. I'm looking for a Daniel Stern movie.	Home Alone
2 Who does that star?	Joe Pesci, Macaulay Culkin, John Heard, Daniel Stern
3 I like Patricia Wettig movies more. Do you know anything else?	City Slickers

1 I love Braveheart, Die Hard, The Dark Knight, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 Who does that star?	Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, Klaus Wennemann
3 I like Jeremy Renner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hurt Locker

1 Aliens, The Shawshank Redemption, Much Ado About Nothing, The Hunt for Red October, The Terminator, Psycho, and Dead Poets Society are movies I love. I'm looking for a Teri Polo movie.	The Arrival
2 What else is that about?	Conspiracy, Charlie Sheen, David Twohy, Teri Polo
3 I rate Jay Roach movies. Any other suggestions?	Meet the Fockers

1 I liked The Heat, The Darjeeling Limited, An Adventure in Space and Time, Sweet and Lowdown, Moonstruck, Lone Survivor, and Wonder Boys. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amour
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Haneke
3 I like Alan Rudolph movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Secret Lives of Dentists

1 Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, The Santa Clause, The Mask, Houseguest, Pulp Fiction, Speed, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nine Months
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I prefer David Silverman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Simpsons Movie

1 Cahill U.S. Marshal, Black Hawk Down, Iron Eagle, Behind Enemy Lines, It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown, Weekend at Bernie's, and Snow Dogs are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Passage to Marseille
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Curtiz
3 I prefer Denis Villeneuve movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Incendies

1 Bed of Roses, Sabrina, The Preacher's Wife, A Family Thing, Father of the Bride Part II, Toy Story, and Jerry Maguire are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Mirror Has Two Faces
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges, Lauren Bacall, Barbra Streisand, George Segal
3 I prefer Jake McDorman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Craigslist Killer

1 I really like Murder in the First, Lone Star, Braveheart, Fargo, The Fifth Element, The Shawshank Redemption, and Billy Madison. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Tom Cruise, renee zellweger, Cameron Crowe, agent
3 I like Raquel Welch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fathom

1 Remember the Titans, Corrina, Corrina, The Grapes of Wrath, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Mirror Has Two Faces, Crimson Tide, and The American President are films I liked. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Witness
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Harrison Ford, Peter Weir, amish
3 I prefer Leslie Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Free Soul

1 Traffic, Crash, The Secret of Roan Inish, The Shawshank Redemption, Wonder Boys, American Beauty, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are films I really liked. I'm looking for a working class movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I rate british movies. Any other suggestions?	The Full Monty

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Galaxy Quest, Private Parts, Total Recall, The Crow, and When Harry Met Sally... are movies I liked. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Aliens
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Carrie Henn
3 I like Roy Scheider movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jaws 2

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Lawrence of Arabia, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I really like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	original, science fiction, national film registry, script, Charlton Heston, Franklin J. Schaffner, Rod Serling
3 I rate Buster Keaton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cameraman

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Bicentennial Man, Schindler's List, Ran, Lifeboat, The Fugitive, and Gladiator are movies I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Key Largo
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, film noir, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Skidoo

1 12 Angry Men, Casablanca, A Night at the Opera, North by Northwest, I Remember Mama, Notorious, and Random Harvest are movies I like. I'm looking for a Peter O'Toole movie.	How to Steal a Million
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Heist, Audrey Hepburn, William Wyler, Peter O'Toole, Eli Wallach, audrey
3 I rate Vanessa Redgrave movies. Any other suggestions?	Venus

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Breakfast Club, Pan's Labyrinth, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil are movies I liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Tony Takitani
2 Who is that directed by?	Jun Ichikawa

1 The Full Monty, American Beauty, The Ice Storm, My Son the Fanatic, Central Station, Shakespeare in Love, and The English Patient are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cookie's Fortune
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, Liv Tyler, Glenn Close, Chris O'Donnell
3 I like Martin Balsam movies more. Do you know anything else?	Catch-22

1 I really like Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Bridget Jones's Diary, American History X, Ratatouille, American Beauty, Walk the Line, and Edward Scissorhands. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I like great depression movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paper Moon

1 The Godfather, Forrest Gump, The Blues Brothers, Annie Hall, Titanic, Cinema Paradiso, and Young Frankenstein are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Doug Liman movie.	Go
2 Who does that star?	Katie Holmes, Sarah Polley, Desmond Askew
3 I rate Tom Cruise movies. Any other suggestions?	Edge of Tomorrow

1 I really like The People vs. Larry Flynt, The Social Network, Das Boot, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Milk. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 Who does that star?	Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry, Barry Bostwick, Richard O'Brien
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Man Walking

1 Sullivan's Travels, The Little Mermaid, My Cousin Vinny, Good Will Hunting, Meet John Doe, Being There, and The Bank Dick are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gypsy
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mervyn LeRoy
3 I prefer summer camp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Indian Summer

1 Erin Brockovich, Blade Runner, Diva, The Maltese Falcon, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Tarzan, and The Arrival are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Take the Money and Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Frank Capra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meet John Doe

1 Highlander, Dune, Gremlins, Unforgiven, The Fugitive, True Romance, and Planet of the Apes are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Outlaw Josey Wales
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Sondra Locke, Chief Dan George
3 I prefer John Wayne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Spoilers

1 I watched the films Enemy of the State, Stalag 17, Chariots of Fire, King Kong, High Noon, Hoop Dreams, and The Shawshank Redemption and loved them. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	The Longest Day
2 Who is that directed by?	Ken Annakin, Darryl F. Zanuck, Bernhard Wicki, Andrew Marton
3 I prefer John Ford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Horse Soldiers

1 Being John Malkovich, The Nightmare Before Christmas, All About My Mother, The Usual Suspects, In the Mood for Love, Dark City, and Goodfellas are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Thin Red Line
2 What else is that about?	criterion, world war ii, cinematography, War, ensemble cast, George Clooney, seen, Sean Penn, John Travolta, Adrien Brody, Jared Leto, Terrence Malick, Nick Nolte
3 I like Fred Zinnemann movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Search

1 Citizen Kane, Lost in Translation, The Godfather, Fargo, Princess Mononoke, Throne of Blood, and Spirited Away are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Princess and the Warrior
2 What else is that about?	nurse, Tom Tykwer, patient
3 I prefer Judi Dench movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Notes on a Scandal

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, A Man for All Seasons, The Fugitive, The Princess Bride, Fargo, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and American Graffiti. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Do the Right Thing
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, John Turturro, Spike Lee
3 I like gangster movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Gangster

1 Carrington, Live and Let Die, Election, The Limey, JFK, Rebecca, and Out of Sight are movies I love. I'm looking for a jewish family movie.	Slums of Beverly Hills
2 What else is that about?	1970s, jewish family

1 Back to the Future, Roman Holiday, Crimson Tide, In the Name of the Father, The Right Stuff, The Graduate, and Strictly Ballroom are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Peter Boyle movie.	The Candidate
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, Michael Ritchie, Peter Boyle
3 I prefer Jodie Foster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taxi Driver

1 I loved Garden State, Silkwood, Whale Rider, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, The Virgin Suicides, The Color Purple, and The Hours. I'm looking for a Mandy Moore movie.	Saved!
2 What else is that about?	satire, religion, teen, pregnancy, homophobia, teen pregnancy, Macaulay Culkin, Jena Malone, Mandy Moore
3 I prefer Diane Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Because I Said So

1 Memento, Sexy Beast, Dancer in the Dark, In the Mood for Love, Fallen Angels, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and The Life of David Gale are movies I like. I'm looking for an iran movie.	The Color of Paradise
2 What else is that about?	iran, iranian, Majid Majidi
3 I prefer House movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	House of Sand and Fog

1 The Usual Suspects, L.A. Confidential, A Close Shave, Crimes and Misdemeanors, North by Northwest, Life, and Vertigo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Original Kings of Comedy
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I prefer Adam Shankman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hairspray

1 I love Titan A.E., Cube, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Mummy, Ice Age, Memento, and Demolition Man. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Out of Sight
2 What else is that about?	George Clooney, Don Cheadle, Steven Soderbergh, Jennifer Lopez, Elmore Leonard
3 I prefer funny movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Howard the Duck

1 Sliding Doors, Casino, The Fugitive, Chinatown, Apocalypse Now, Total Recall, and Being John Malkovich are movies I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	20 Dates
2 Who is that directed by?	Myles Berkowitz

1 Rosemary's Baby, Smoke, Drugstore Cowboy, 12 Angry Men, Excalibur, Unforgiven, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shakespeare in Love
2 Who is that directed by?	John Madden
3 I rate Ronny Yu movies. Any other suggestions?	Bride of Chucky

1 A Christmas Carol, The NeverEnding Story, RoboCop, As Good as It Gets, Galaxy Quest, Air Force One, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Vampires
2 Who does that star?	James Woods, Sheryl Lee, Daniel Baldwin, Thomas Ian Griffith
3 I rate Peter Berg movies. Any other suggestions?	Shocker

1 Carandiru, Minority Report, The Brothers Grimm, Princess Mononoke, Trainspotting, Rosemary's Baby, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Divine Trash
2 Who does that star?	John Waters
3 I like Woody Harrelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grass

1 The Fugitive, Beauty and the Beast, Schindler's List, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pinocchio, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Olympia Dukakis, Glenne Headly, Jay Thomas
3 I like Roger E. Mosley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Leadbelly

1 Heathers, Raising Arizona, First Blood, Cliffhanger, The Wizard of Oz, The Abyss, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Shanghai Noon

1 The Game, Pulp Fiction, Metro, Trainspotting, Goodfellas, Leaving Las Vegas, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I liked. I'm looking for a Giuseppe Tornatore movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giuseppe Tornatore, cinema
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Malèna

1 Pretty Woman, Dave, Disclosure, Clear and Present Danger, Maverick, The Client, and The Firm are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Beverly Hills Cop III
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Eddie Murphy, John Landis
3 I rate Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Any other suggestions?	Commando

1 I love Fletch, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Spaceballs, Airplane!, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Top Gun, and Happy Gilmore. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Road Trip
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Road Trip, Todd Phillips
3 I rate Paul Michael Glaser movies. Any other suggestions?	The Air Up There

1 I loved Back to the Future, Cocoon, Swimming with Sharks, Gandhi, Dazed and Confused, Cinema Paradiso, and American History X. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	House of Sand and Fog
2 Who is that directed by?	Vadim Perelman
3 I rate Andrey Zvyagintsev movies. Any other suggestions?	Elena

1 Eye for an Eye, Jumanji, Escape from L.A., It Takes Two, The Craft, Bordello of Blood, and The Hunchback of Notre Dame are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Pauly Shore movie.	Bio-Dome
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I rate Brendan Fraser movies. Any other suggestions?	Encino Man

1 Pulp Fiction, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Home Alone, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Wizard of Oz, The African Queen, and The Grifters are films I liked. I'm looking for a Gregg Champion movie.	The Cowboy Way
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Kiefer Sutherland
3 I rate Matt Letscher movies. Any other suggestions?	Amish Grace

1 The Seventh Seal, Psycho, La Grande Illusion, The Wizard of Oz, Some Like It Hot, The Godfather, and Raging Bull are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Ludlum movie.	The Bourne Supremacy
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Brian Cox, Julia Stiles
3 I rate Franka Potente movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Identity

1 I really liked Diner, Being There, Chinatown, Cinderella, The Big Chill, Bulworth, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	An Affair to Remember
2 Who is that directed by?	Leo McCarey

1 Stranger Than Paradise, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, The Shining, The Wild Bunch, Peeping Tom, Eraserhead, and The Trial are films I really liked. I'm looking for a carnival movie.	Carnival of Souls
2 Who does that star?	Candace Hilligoss
3 I prefer Rachael Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Splinterheads

1 I like MASH, Saving Private Ryan, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Dangerous Liaisons, Analyze This, As Good as It Gets, and Great Expectations. I'm looking for a Glenn Close movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I prefer Jeff Daniels movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	101 Dalmatians

1 I love The Nutty Professor, Back to the Future, Independence Day, Jurassic Park, Saving Private Ryan, Starship Troopers, and The Matrix. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Total Recall
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Philip K. Dick, arnold, Paul Verhoeven, Sharon Stone, jerry goldsmith
3 I prefer Alex Proyas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Crow

1 Crimson Tide, Dead Man Walking, The Usual Suspects, Clear and Present Danger, Richard III, The Preacher's Wife, and Heavenly Creatures are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rob Cohen movie.	Daylight
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Rob Cohen

1 Yojimbo, Beneath the Planet of the Apes, The Blob, Plan 9 from Outer Space, The Terminator, Alphaville, and Brazil are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ray Harryhausen movie.	Earth vs. the Flying Saucers
2 What else is that about?	Ray Harryhausen, flying saucers
3 I prefer Sinbad movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Golden Voyage of Sinbad

1 Clerks, The Celluloid Closet, Taxi Driver, Big Night, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, and Cold Comfort Farm are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Molly Ringwald movie.	Sixteen Candles
2 Who does that star?	Molly Ringwald, Michael Schoeffling
3 I rate Billy Bob Thornton movies. Any other suggestions?	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade

1 I really liked O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Groundhog Day, Breaking Away, Lost in America, Chicago, Speed, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Michelle Pfeiffer movie.	Tequila Sunrise
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Michelle Pfeiffer, Kurt Russell
3 I prefer Ian McKellen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stardust

1 I really like The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, Disclosure, The Silence of the Lambs, Sleepless in Seattle, Speed, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Joel Schumacher movie.	The Client
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon, John Grisham, Joel Schumacher
3 I rate violence movies. Any other suggestions?	Falling Down

1 I loved Toy Story and Independence Day. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Olympia Dukakis, Glenne Headly, Jay Thomas
3 I like Diedrich Bader movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Country Bears

1 Maverick, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Scrooged, The Usual Suspects, Army of Darkness, Jurassic Park, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	What's Up, Tiger Lily?
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, Woody Allen
3 I rate jazz movies. Any other suggestions?	Sweet and Lowdown

1 The People vs. Larry Flynt, The Fifth Element, Citizen Kane, The Usual Suspects, Forrest Gump, Brazil, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ronin
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Robert De Niro, car chase, Jean Reno, chase, David Mamet, spy thriller, John Frankenheimer
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Monkey King

1 Dead Man Walking, Nine Months, Philadelphia, Little Women, The Shawshank Redemption, Beauty and the Beast, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, book, affair, iowa
3 I like canada movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fly Away Home

1 In the Heat of the Night, The Blues Brothers, Fargo, Crash, Papillon, The Name of the Rose, and The Graduate are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Paris, France movie.	The 400 Blows
2 What else is that about?	Paris, France, François Truffaut, new wave
3 I prefer fabulous movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Amélie

1 Get Shorty and Beauty and the Beast are movies I loved. I'm looking for a b-movie movie.	Ed Wood
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Patricia Arquette, Sarah Jessica Parker, Martin Landau
3 I rate Sean Connery movies. Any other suggestions?	The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen

1 Pulp Fiction, Spirited Away, Big, Beverly Hills Cop, Boogie Nights, The Departed, and Batman Forever are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Little Women
2 Who does that star?	June Allyson
3 I like Max Baer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prizefighter and the Lady

1 Dances with Wolves, The Remains of the Day, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, True Romance, and Nobody's Fool are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clerks
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, Kevin Smith, theater, view askew, jay and silent bob, 4
3 I prefer parody movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scary Movie 4

1 Halloween, Independence Day, The Fifth Element, Blade Runner, A Nightmare on Elm Street, American History X, and The Shining are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	Ronin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I rate Louis Malle movies. Any other suggestions?	Vanya on 42nd Street

1 True Lies, The Fly, Schindler's List, Independence Day, The Hunt for Red October, Alien, and Men in Black are films I loved. I'm looking for a courage movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington, Meg Ryan, Lou Diamond Phillips

1 I really liked Cool Hand Luke, Peter Pan, The NeverEnding Story, To Kill a Mockingbird, North by Northwest, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and The Shining. I'm looking for a fairy tales movie.	Sleeping Beauty
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Music, disney, fairy tale, animated, fairy tales, G, super technirama 70, Clyde Geronimi
3 I rate spanish civil war movies. Any other suggestions?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 Saving Private Ryan, Bull Durham, X-Men, The Producers, Barcelona, Hamlet, and Scrooged are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	Short, Billy Bob Thornton, short film, Molly Ringwald, George Hickenlooper
3 I prefer Paris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Red Balloon

1 The Odd Couple, MASH, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Lawrence of Arabia, Back to the Future Part II, Diamonds Are Forever, and Sleeper are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
2 What else is that about?	Action, Mel Gibson
3 I prefer Michelle Pfeiffer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tequila Sunrise

1 I really liked Clerks, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Green Mile, Bowfinger, Animal House, A Fish Called Wanda, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a Barry Sonnenfeld movie.	For Love or Money
2 What else is that about?	Michael J. Fox, Barry Sonnenfeld, Gabrielle Anwar
3 I like Salma Hayek movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wild Wild West

1 All About Eve, Stand by Me, The Terminator, The Usual Suspects, The Lion King, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Fantasia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	All That Jazz
2 What else is that about?	Musical, dance, biographical, jazz, Bob Fosse
3 I prefer The Beatles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Hard Day's Night

1 Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, and Clerks are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I prefer Chloe Rose movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lesser Blessed

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Phantom of the Opera, The Great Mouse Detective, Braveheart, The Life of David Gale, Shrek 2, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Begin Again
2 What else is that about?	Music, Mark Ruffalo, John Carney
3 I rate Jamie Foxx movies. Any other suggestions?	Ray

1 I like Shrek, The Incredibles, Drunken Master, A Grand Day Out, The Royal Tenenbaums, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Lost in Translation. I'm looking for a working class movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I like Robert Carlyle movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Full Monty

1 I love The Color Purple, The Shawshank Redemption, Misery, Flags of Our Fathers, Dazed and Confused, 21 Jump Street, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	Colors
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn
3 I rate Rick Rosenthal movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Boys

1 I like The Pianist, Taxi 3, Days of Thunder, The Matrix, Good Will Hunting, Zoolander, and Old School. I'm looking for a Queen Latifah movie.	Taxi
2 What else is that about?	Queen Latifah
3 I like Dolly Parton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joyful Noise

1 I liked Shallow Grave, The Shawshank Redemption, Apocalypse Now, Phenomenon, Get Shorty, The Fugitive, and The Crow. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Maverick
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I prefer Jon Turteltaub movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sorcerer's Apprentice

1 I love Three Kings, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Toy Story, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, There's Something About Mary, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 Who does that star?	Jodie Foster, David Morse
3 I rate Sandra Bullock movies. Any other suggestions?	Crash

1 Superman, Run Lola Run, Das Boot, The Graduate, The Sweet Hereafter, The Player, and Annie Hall are films I really liked. I'm looking for a basketball movie.	Hoop Dreams
2 What else is that about?	High School, Documentary, school, basketball, Chicago, Steve James
3 I rate College movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Chips

1 Rain Man, There's Something About Mary, Muriel's Wedding, Fletch, Meatballs, Clerks, and Weekend at Bernie's are movies I like. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	Captain Corelli's Mandolin
2 Who does that star?	Penélope Cruz
3 I like Ving Rhames movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bringing Out the Dead

1 Fargo, Little Big Man, Glory, Raging Bull, The Innocents, Touch of Evil, and Apocalypse Now are films I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Jeremiah Johnson
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Will Geer
3 I rate Kevin Costner movies. Any other suggestions?	Dances with Wolves

1 Schindler's List, In the Heat of the Night, Fargo, Lone Star, Hamlet, An Ideal Husband, and Fantasia are movies I loved. I'm looking for a death movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 What else is that about?	classic, death, medieval, Ingmar Bergman, Swedish, god, chess, Max von Sydow, seven
3 I prefer Jessica Lange movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Fish

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Aladdin, The Lion King, The Usual Suspects, First Knight, Leaving Las Vegas, and Desperado are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Wolves movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, historical, library, national film registry, Western, Epic, Kevin Costner, best picture, indians, Wolves, indian
3 I like Wilderness movies more. Do you know anything else?	Never Cry Wolf

1 Braveheart, The Big Sleep, Bullitt, The Trial, The Godfather, The Seventh Seal, and The Incredibles are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Huston movie.	The Unforgiven
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston

1 The Sting, The Shawshank Redemption, The Princess Bride, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and The Magnificent Seven are films I love. I'm looking for a light movie.	Toy Story 2
2 What else is that about?	Animation, pixar, disney, sequel, original, story, characters, light, pixar animation, Joan Cusack, John Lasseter, Lee Unkrich
3 I like uncle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mon Oncle

1 Interstellar, Schindler's List, The Matrix, The Dark Knight, Gravity, Gone Girl, and The Intouchables are films I loved. I'm looking for a Damien Chazelle movie.	Whiplash
2 Who is that directed by?	Damien Chazelle

1 I liked Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, Forrest Gump, The Bourne Identity, Children of Men, American History X, and Avatar. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Encino Man
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Fraser, California, Sean Astin, Pauly Shore, Les Mayfield, Caveman
3 I rate Steve Zahn movies. Any other suggestions?	Management

1 I watched the films Payback, Suicide Kings, The Boondock Saints, Kiki's Delivery Service, Hellboy, The Dirty Dozen, and Bubba Ho-Tep and loved them. I'm looking for a Jet Li movie.	Fist of Legend
2 What else is that about?	remake, martial arts, Jet Li
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kiss of the Dragon

1 Toy Story, The Matrix, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Super Troopers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jay Chandrasekhar
3 I prefer Gore Verbinski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Weather Man

1 I loved The Fisher King, Desperado, Hard Boiled, The Philadelphia Story, Rumble in the Bronx, Ghostbusters, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for a miyazaki movie.	Kiki's Delivery Service
2 Who does that star?	Kappei Yamaguchi, Rei Sakuma, Minami Takayama
3 I like Sumi Shimamoto movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind

1 The Godfather, American Beauty, Reservoir Dogs, Inception, Minority Report, Casino, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for a Laura Linney movie.	Mystic River
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mystery, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Laurence Fishburne, Laura Linney, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I rate Matthew Broderick movies. Any other suggestions?	You Can Count on Me

1 Congo, Casper, Dances with Wolves, Crimson Tide, Babe, Johnny Mnemonic, and Cutthroat Island are movies I like. I'm looking for a Frank Oz movie.	The Indian in the Cupboard
2 What else is that about?	Steve Coogan, Frank Oz
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bowfinger

1 And Now for Something Completely Different, Manhattan, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Annie Hall, The Producers, Airplane!, and Sleeper are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bananas
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Louise Lasser
3 I prefer Jack Black movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Holiday

1 I watched the films Sabrina, Speechless, Muppet Treasure Island, Serial Mom, Nell, The Flintstones, and The Net and loved them. I'm looking for a Pat Morita movie.	The Next Karate Kid
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Hilary Swank, Pat Morita, Christopher Cain
3 I rate karate movies. Any other suggestions?	The Karate Kid, Part II

1 I watched the films American History X, The Wizard of Oz, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Ed Wood, The Sound of Music, The Green Mile, and Carrie and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Shadow of the Vampire
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, John Malkovich, Udo Kier
3 I prefer Costas Mandylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saw IV

1 I really like My Fair Lady, Swept Away, Much Ado About Nothing, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Groundhog Day, Singin' in the Rain, and Born Yesterday. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I rate Don Chaffey movies. Any other suggestions?	Jason and the Argonauts

1 MASH, True Romance, Reservoir Dogs, Chinatown, The Fugitive, Stand by Me, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Hoop Dreams
2 What else is that about?	High School, Documentary, school, basketball, Chicago, Steve James
3 I rate sports movies. Any other suggestions?	The Iran Job

1 I really liked Magnolia, Schindler's List, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Apollo 13, Legends of the Fall, Rushmore, and Rear Window. I'm looking for an Audrey Hepburn movie.	The Unforgiven
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I rate William Wyler movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Steal a Million

1 A Man for All Seasons, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, West Side Story, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Double Indemnity, Seven Samurai, and Monsters, Inc. are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	All the President's Men
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford, book, Alan J. Pakula, Nixon, watergate, deep throat
3 I like sexual harassment movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disclosure

1 Payback, Eat Drink Man Woman, L.A. Confidential, A Streetcar Named Desire, Reservoir Dogs, True Romance, and Some Kind of Wonderful are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Deconstructing Harry
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Scarlett Johansson movies. Any other suggestions?	Scoop

1 Breakfast at Tiffany's, Bull Durham, The Blues Brothers, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Sound of Music, Toy Story, and Casablanca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Hoosiers
2 Who is that directed by?	David Anspaugh
3 I prefer Craig Gillespie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Million Dollar Arm

1 Fight Club, Batman Begins, Chinatown, Oldboy, Serenity, Ginger Snaps, and Shaun of the Dead are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bubba Ho-Tep
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Coscarelli
3 I rate Denys Arcand movies. Any other suggestions?	The Barbarian Invasions

1 Husbands and Wives, Wings of Desire, To Kill a Mockingbird, Poltergeist, Notorious, Revenge of the Pink Panther, and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes are movies I liked. I'm looking for a stage movie.	Cabaret
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, Broadway, berlin, stage, Michael York, Liza Minnelli, Bob Fosse, Joel Grey, fosse
3 I rate Mike Nichols movies. Any other suggestions?	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Best Years of Our Lives, Some Like It Hot, Rear Window, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Casablanca, and The Producers are films I loved. I'm looking for a Robert Siodmak movie.	The Crimson Pirate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Robert Siodmak, Burt Lancaster
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Crimson Pirate

1 Parenthood, Driving Miss Daisy, Toy Story, Glory, The Last Emperor, Beauty and the Beast, and Little Big Man are movies I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	That's Life!
2 Who is that directed by?	Blake Edwards
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Harvey, Antonia's Line, The Wizard of Oz, Dead Man Walking, Erin Brockovich, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Ulee's Gold are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Working Girl
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sigourney Weaver, Melanie Griffith
3 I rate Jackie Coogan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Kid

1 Jean de Florette, Sleeping Beauty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Titanic, Saving Private Ryan, Glory, and Dune are movies I liked. I'm looking for a disney animated feature movie.	Fantasia
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Sharpsteen
3 I prefer David Michener movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Mouse Detective

1 The Wedding Singer, Hot Fuzz, Die Another Day, The Bourne Identity, Chasing Amy, Inception, and The Village are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Cashback
2 Who is that directed by?	Sean Ellis
3 I prefer Buster Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cops

1 I like Pleasantville, Psycho, Alien, Angel Heart, The Thing, Gandhi, and The Red Violin. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Color of Money
2 What else is that about?	Tom Cruise, Martin Scorsese, Paul Newman, pool
3 I rate choir movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fighting Temptations

1 The Fugitive, To Die For, The Silence of the Lambs, Philadelphia, The Rock, Sense and Sensibility, and Addams Family Values are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Rooms

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Men of Honor, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Minority Report, Glory, Arlington Road, and The Green Mile are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barbershop
2 What else is that about?	Cedric the Entertainer
3 I like debt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels

1 Magnolia, Amélie, The Hours, and The Big Lebowski are films I like. I'm looking for an Emir Kusturica movie.	Black Cat, White Cat
2 What else is that about?	Emir Kusturica, kusturica
3 I rate Arizona movies. Any other suggestions?	Arizona Dream

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Wall Street, The Sixth Sense, Scream, Meet the Parents, Being John Malkovich, and High Fidelity are films I loved. I'm looking for a Vincent D'Onofrio movie.	The Thirteenth Floor
2 Who does that star?	Vincent D'Onofrio, Craig Bierko, Gretchen Mol
3 I rate Jennifer Lopez movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cell

1 I liked Hot Fuzz, Gladiator, For a Few Dollars More, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Sin City, Million Dollar Baby, and A Fistful of Dollars. I'm looking for a Tilda Swinton movie.	Burn After Reading
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Frances McDormand, John Malkovich
3 I rate Rachel Weisz movies. Any other suggestions?	Constantine

1 Role Models, Moon, The Negotiator, The Jacket, Vanilla Sky, Little Miss Sunshine, and Hard Candy are films I love. I'm looking for a seal movie.	Tears of the Sun
2 What else is that about?	War, Bruce Willis, Monica Bellucci, Antoine Fuqua, seal
3 I rate Pirates movies. Any other suggestions?	Captain Phillips

1 Forrest Gump, Austin Powers in Goldmember, Die Hard, Inception, Ransom, Beverly Hills Cop, and Aladdin are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Invincible
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Werner Herzog
3 I like new jersey movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Hustle

1 French Kiss, Equilibrium, The Princess Bride, Young Frankenstein, Batman Begins, Minority Report, and The Royal Tenenbaums are movies I like. I'm looking for a gay movie.	The Laramie Project
2 Who is that directed by?	Moisés Kaufman
3 I like Tim Kirkman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dear Jesse

1 Speed, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, The Birdcage, Heat, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Strange Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I prefer F. Gary Gray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Italian Job

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Oldboy, Casablanca, Dogville, The Deer Hunter, Cinema Paradiso, and Scarface are films I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Fahrenheit 9/11
2 What else is that about?	War, History, Documentary, political, Michael Moore, iraq, 9/11, moore
3 I prefer Werner Herzog movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Ecstasy of Woodcarver Steiner

1 Fargo, Good Will Hunting, Unforgiven, The Sixth Sense, The Godfather, Shakespeare in Love, and Requiem for a Dream are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Killer
2 What else is that about?	assassin, hong kong, John Woo, chow yun fat
3 I rate Bruno Barreto movies. Any other suggestions?	One Tough Cop

1 I love Clerks, The Mask, Babe, Fargo, Toy Story, The Remains of the Day, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Marlon Brando
3 I like Aidan Quinn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Commandments

1 Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, The Muppet Movie, French Kiss, A Christmas Story, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Henry V are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Tall Guy
2 Who is that directed by?	Mel Smith
3 I like John Lasseter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Toy Story

1 The Rescuers, Disclosure, Boiler Room, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, Hang 'Em High, The Seventh Sign, and The Bourne Ultimatum are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Threads
2 Who is that directed by?	Mick Jackson
3 I like Christopher Leitch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Courage Mountain

1 I really like Gladiator, Erin Brockovich, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Fight Club, Billy Madison, Being John Malkovich, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Score
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Angela Bassett, Frank Oz, de niro
3 I like Barry Levinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bandits

1 Boogie Nights, City of God, The Departed, Fargo, Slumdog Millionaire, Unforgiven, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	True Grit
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld
3 I rate Randolph Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Albuquerque

1 I liked The Crying Game, Casablanca, The Piano, The Purple Rose of Cairo, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Ran, and Heat. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Tender Mercies
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Beresford
3 I prefer Harold Lloyd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kid Brother

1 Aliens, The Fugitive, Apollo 13, Alien, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Back to the Future
2 What else is that about?	High School, sequel, future, Steven Spielberg, story, science fiction, teen, national film registry, spielberg, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, tv, Robert Zemeckis, time, sf, hugo award, Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson, Back to the Future
3 I rate Shane Carruth movies. Any other suggestions?	Primer

1 Bowling for Columbine, Hero, There's Something About Mary, Crash, Jacob's Ladder, Monster, and Boogie Nights are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sidewalks of New York
2 What else is that about?	New York, Edward Burns
3 I prefer Jodie Foster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hotel New Hampshire

1 Happy Gilmore, Eddie, Fear, Primal Fear, The Juror, Multiplicity, and Grumpier Old Men are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	Striptease
2 What else is that about?	Demi Moore, Ving Rhames, Burt Reynolds
3 I like sexual harassment movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disclosure

1 Reservoir Dogs, Chinatown, The Godfather, All About Eve, The Blues Brothers, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Lone Star are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Billy Wilder, Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis
3 I prefer Harold Lloyd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kid Brother

1 I liked The Matrix, Unbreakable, Little Voice, Army of Darkness, The War of the Worlds, Forbidden Planet, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Simon
2 Who does that star?	Alan Arkin
3 I like Alia Bhatt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Student of the Year

1 What's Love Got to Do with It, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Aladdin, Dave, The Silence of the Lambs, The Lion King, and The Hunchback of Notre Dame are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I rate David Spade movies. Any other suggestions?	The Benchwarmers

1 The Birdcage, Pulp Fiction, The Hudsucker Proxy, The Madness of King George, Babe, Schindler's List, and The Mask are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Philadelphia
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I prefer Michael Rymer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Too Deep

1 Fight Club, Psycho, The Godfather, Casablanca, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Insider, and Jaws are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, suspense, murder, national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr
3 I prefer Escape movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cube

1 I like Hero, The Incredibles, and North by Northwest. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Iron Giant
2 What else is that about?	Animation, military, cold war, Jennifer Aniston, Vin Diesel, Brad Bird, maine
3 I prefer Chris Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bolt

1 Shane, Men in Black, The Bank Dick, My Cousin Vinny, Topaz, The Big Sleep, and Fargo are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cat Ballou
2 Who is that directed by?	Elliot Silverstein
3 I like Nick Park movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wrong Trousers

1 I loved North by Northwest, The Bridges of Madison County, Fargo, Giant, Philadelphia, Crimson Tide, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Malice
2 What else is that about?	Aaron Sorkin
3 I prefer argentina movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Secret in Their Eyes

1 The Name of the Rose, Good Morning, Vietnam, Priest, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, American Graffiti, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Alien are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Adrien Brody movie.	The Thin Red Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I prefer Nimród Antal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Predators

1 The Hurricane, Fargo, City Slickers, Stand by Me, Airplane!, Toy Story 2, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Tao of Steve
2 What else is that about?	r, new mexico
3 I rate Helen Hunt movies. Any other suggestions?	Then She Found Me

1 The Third Man, Das Boot, Repo Man, Apocalypse Now, The Longest Day, Vertigo, and The Deer Hunter are films I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Dead Man
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Western, Jim Jarmusch, Lance Henriksen, John Hurt, Iggy Pop
3 I like Nicholas Ray movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny Guitar

1 Bowling for Columbine, How to Train Your Dragon, The Triplets of Belleville, Trainspotting, Amélie, Brazil, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a German movie.	Knockin' on Heaven's Door
2 Who does that star?	Moritz Bleibtreu, Til Schweiger, Jan Josef Liefers
3 I rate Solomon Perel movies. Any other suggestions?	Europa Europa

1 I liked Love Actually, Schindler's List, As Good as It Gets, The Lion King, Inside Man, Angela's Ashes, and Philadelphia. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	Batman Begins
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I like David Seltzer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nobody's Baby

1 Memento, Up, Cast Away, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Batman Begins, Monsters, Inc., and Amélie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Finding Nemo
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, dvd, story, own, animated, pixar animation, G, fish, sydney, Andrew Stanton, Ellen DeGeneres
3 I like Eric Darnell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Penguins of Madagascar

1 Wayne's World 2, Life Is Beautiful, 15 Minutes, Traffic, Aladdin, Armageddon, and Three Kings are movies I loved. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Billy Elliot
2 Who does that star?	Jamie Bell, Gary Lewis, Jamie Draven
3 I prefer Vincent Cassel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Swan

1 I love Citizen Kane, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Godfather, The African Queen, Cocoon, Planet of the Apes, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	10 Items or Less

1 The Prince of Egypt, Galaxy Quest, Where the Heart Is, Gone with the Wind, Pay It Forward, The Replacements, and The Perfect Storm are films I really like. I'm looking for a private detective movie.	Who Framed Roger Rabbit
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lloyd, Bob Hoskins, Joanna Cassidy, Charles Fleischer
3 I prefer Drew Barrymore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Charlie's Angels

1 Bambi, Batman, True Lies, As Good as It Gets, The Sixth Sense, Goldfinger, and Dogma are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Galaxy Quest
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tim Allen, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub
3 I rate Tadao Takashima movies. Any other suggestions?	Son of Godzilla

1 Pulp Fiction, Casablanca, Run Lola Run, Raise the Red Lantern, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, Young Frankenstein, and All About Eve are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Marker movie.	Sans Soleil
2 What else is that about?	Chris Marker
3 I rate experiment movies. Any other suggestions?	La Jetée

1 The Grapes of Wrath, Manhattan, The 400 Blows, Central Station, A Christmas Story, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I like. I'm looking for an André Téchiné movie.	Wild Reeds
2 What else is that about?	André Téchiné
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Favorite Season

1 GoldenEye, The Untouchables, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest, The Last Samurai, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Green Mile, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Steve Carell movie.	Despicable Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Renaud, Pierre Coffin
3 I like John Hughes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Curly Sue

1 Knockin' on Heaven's Door, Memento, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Dark Knight, The Darjeeling Limited, Fight Club, and Burn After Reading are films I love. I'm looking for an animated movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, animated, series, Hank Azaria, simpsons, David Silverman
3 I like stop motion movies more. Do you know anything else?	ParaNorman

1 Moon, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Gattaca, Life Is Beautiful, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Big Lebowski, and Watchmen are films I like. I'm looking for a manga movie.	Akira
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, stylized, Animation, japan, cyberpunk, tokyo, psychic powers, manga, katsuhiro otomo
3 I prefer anime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tekkonkinkreet

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Jaws, The French Connection, Cool Hand Luke, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Bonnie and Clyde, and The Sting are movies I loved. I'm looking for a korean war movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I rate Mark Robson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bridges at Toko-Ri

1 I really liked Heat, The Dark Knight, Dances with Wolves, The Godfather, The Matrix, Edward Scissorhands, and The Bourne Identity. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I like detective movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thin Man

1 I loved Top Gun, A Beautiful Mind, Ocean's Eleven, The NeverEnding Story, The Matrix, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Gladiator. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate Andrew Dice Clay movies. Any other suggestions?	The Adventures of Ford Fairlane

1 Ran, Vanya on 42nd Street, Night on Earth, Cyrano de Bergerac, Quiz Show, Orlando, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Clockers
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I rate Drake Doremus movies. Any other suggestions?	Breathe In

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Aladdin, Babe, The Wizard of Oz, The African Queen, Citizen Kane, and Forrest Gump are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Police, historical, france, Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, cast, Victor Hugo, Tom Hooper
3 I like Robert Z. Leonard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Maytime

1 I really like Howl's Moving Castle, The Bourne Identity, V for Vendetta, Forrest Gump, The Big Blue, The Prestige, and Castle in the Sky. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Match Point
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Paul Mazursky movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scenes from a Mall

1 I liked Man Bites Dog, Rounders, Once Were Warriors, Into the Wild, Memento, Bad Santa, and Cinderella Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	21 Grams
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Danny Huston
3 I prefer Emile Hirsch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alpha Dog

1 Ulee's Gold, They Live, RoboCop, Blade Runner, Ghost in the Shell, Glengarry Glen Ross, and Gone with the Wind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Scanners
2 What else is that about?	David Cronenberg, Patrick McGoohan
3 I like Tom Savini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Night of the Living Dead

1 The Breakfast Club, It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown, A Charlie Brown Christmas, Some Like It Hot, West Side Story, Toy Story 2, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Vincent
2 What else is that about?	Tim Burton, Short, Vincent Price, design
3 I prefer Gary Trousdale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper

1 The Matrix, Delicatessen, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Pi, Soul Surfer, Pearl Harbor, and A Bug's Life are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Along Came Polly
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, Jennifer Aniston, John Hamburg
3 I rate gay movies. Any other suggestions?	Stonewall

1 American History X, Goodfellas, Rob Roy, The Outsiders, Sling Blade, Awakenings, and Dances with Wolves are films I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Born on the Fourth of July
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Tom Cruise, vietnam war, vietnam, Oliver Stone, activist
3 I rate Love movies. Any other suggestions?	Gone with the Wind

1 Chasing Amy, A Clockwork Orange, It's a Wonderful Life, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Apollo 13, The Crow, and Midnight Cowboy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Stanley Kramer
3 I rate Pierce Brosnan movies. Any other suggestions?	Laws of Attraction

1 La Haine, Time Out, Six Degrees of Separation, Changing Lanes, Bonnie and Clyde, Monsieur Ibrahim, and Last Tango in Paris are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drew Barrymore movie.	Grey Gardens
2 Who does that star?	Drew Barrymore, Jessica Lange, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Ken Howard
3 I rate Ben Stiller movies. Any other suggestions?	Duplex

1 Die Hard, Armageddon, Speed, Air Force One, Full Metal Jacket, Sleeper, and An American Werewolf in London are films I love. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Play It Again, Sam
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, Herbert Ross
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Bananas

1 I really liked Annie Hall, Sexy Beast, Pacific Heights, Platoon, Risky Business, The Duellists, and Strictly Ballroom. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Alexis Lloyd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	30 Beats

1 Blade Runner, Time Bandits, Apollo 13, Beverly Hills Cop, An American Werewolf in London, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and A Grand Day Out are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Wolf
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Frankenstein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein

1 Modern Times, 8 Women, The Motorcycle Diaries, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, Open Your Eyes, Amélie, and The Diving Bell and the Butterfly are movies I really like. I'm looking for an almodovar movie.	Volver
2 What else is that about?	r, Spanish, spain, sexual abuse, almodovar, madrid, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Education

1 I like Back to the Future, Braveheart, To Kill a Mockingbird, Toy Story 2, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Stand by Me, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Family, 70mm, library, national film registry, children, Julie Andrews, best picture, Christopher Plummer, austria, Robert Wise
3 I prefer anime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Neighbors the Yamadas

1 I watched the films Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Shawshank Redemption, Persuasion, My Fair Lady, Dangerous Liaisons, Out of Africa, and Schindler's List and loved them. I'm looking for an Antarctica movie.	March of the Penguins
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, French, nature, Antarctica, penguins, penguin
3 I rate Norwegian movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thing

1 Fight Club, Inside Man, The Straight Story, A Scanner Darkly, Aladdin, Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles, and RocknRolla are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Men Who Stare at Goats
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, military, Kevin Spacey, George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Jeff Bridges
3 I rate Chris Weitz movies. Any other suggestions?	American Pie

1 Saving Private Ryan, Evil Dead II, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	Sphere
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Samuel L. Jackson, Dustin Hoffman, Michael Crichton, Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Luke Wilson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meeting Evil

1 The Big Lebowski, Alien, A Clockwork Orange, The Dark Knight, Office Space, The Godfather, and Taxi Driver are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Toy Story 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich
3 I like Genndy Tartakovsky movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hotel Transylvania

1 I loved Milk, The Mirror, Jerry Maguire, The Big Lebowski, The Aviator, Inception, and The Thin Red Line. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I prefer Rob Cohen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Boy Next Door

1 I really liked Chasing Amy, The Abyss, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Princess Bride, Memento, American Beauty, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Jerry Zucker movie.	Top Secret!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, Val Kilmer, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker
3 I rate John Cleese movies. Any other suggestions?	Rat Race

1 Tombstone, Goodfellas, A Bronx Tale, Apollo 13, Jackie Brown, Bound, and Swimming with Sharks are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Freeway
2 What else is that about?	Reese Witherspoon, Kiefer Sutherland
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Bedroom

1 A Christmas Story, Hero, Happy Gilmore, Das Boot, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Apocalypse Now, and The Evil Dead are movies I love. I'm looking for a pixar movie.	The Incredibles
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Bird
3 I prefer Leslie Iwerks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pixar Story

1 American Beauty, Back to the Future, My Left Foot, Wings of Desire, Dick, Dead Poets Society, and The Last Emperor are films I loved. I'm looking for an africa movie.	Out of Africa
2 Who does that star?	Meryl Streep, Robert Redford, Klaus Maria Brandauer, Michael Kitchen
3 I prefer Patrick Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	African Cats

1 I really liked Pi, Requiem for a Dream, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, and Garden State. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Heart Huckabees
2 Who is that directed by?	David O. Russell
3 I rate Gil Junger movies. Any other suggestions?	10 Things I Hate About You

1 Run Lola Run, The Usual Suspects, The Cider House Rules, Forrest Gump, True Romance, Bowfinger, and Toy Story 2 are movies I like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Brothers McMullen
2 What else is that about?	Family, Irish, Edward Burns
3 I prefer historical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sarah, Plain and Tall

1 Braveheart, Toy Story, Friday, Liar Liar, Heavy Metal, Dogma, and Happy Gilmore are films I really like. I'm looking for a Ben Affleck movie.	Mallrats
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, view askew, jay and silent bob, Jason Lee
3 I like Steve Buscemi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Armageddon

1 I really like Four Weddings and a Funeral, Chocolat, The Wings of the Dove, American Beauty, Ghost, The English Patient, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hughes
3 I rate Lee Unkrich movies. Any other suggestions?	Toy Story 3

1 The Truman Show, Fargo, Iron Man 3, American Beauty, The Third Man, Zero Dark Thirty, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Despicable Me
2 Who does that star?	Steve Carell, Jason Segel
3 I prefer John Kahrs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paperman

1 The Usual Suspects, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, 12 Angry Men, American Beauty, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Scarlett Johansson movie.	The Avengers
2 Who does that star?	Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth
3 I like Scarlett Johansson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Nanny Diaries

1 City of God, The Dark Knight, and Manhattan are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, anime, japan, dvd, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, miyazaki, spirits, totoro, rural japan
3 I rate Jeff Daniels movies. Any other suggestions?	Pleasantville

1 Shakespeare in Love, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Life Is Beautiful, Highlander, Witness, A Bug's Life, and The Terminator are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	Mona Lisa
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I like Irish movies more. Do you know anything else?	Michael Collins

1 The Big Lebowski, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, The Shawshank Redemption, Gandhi, A Fistful of Dollars, Elizabeth, and Memento are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Thirteenth Floor
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Vincent D'Onofrio, Gretchen Mol
3 I prefer Mystery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone Girl

1 I really liked Chasing Amy, Swimming with Sharks, Raging Bull, Henry V, Casablanca, The African Queen, and Red Rock West. I'm looking for a bar movie.	Trees Lounge
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, bar
3 I rate Shailene Woodley movies. Any other suggestions?	The Descendants

1 I like 12 Angry Men, The King's Speech, Django Unchained, Fargo, No Country for Old Men, Gladiator, and Inception. I'm looking for an Abduction movie.	Prisoners
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, cinematography, Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Abduction, Denis Villeneuve
3 I prefer alaska movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fourth Kind

1 I really liked Dead Man Walking, American History X, Saving Private Ryan, Wedding Crashers, Crimson Tide, The Sixth Sense, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Ten Commandments
2 What else is that about?	biblical, Cecil B. DeMille
3 I like ennio morricone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love Affair

1 I really liked The Wild Bunch, Aliens, Carlito's Way, Thirteen Days, Enemy at the Gates, The Last Picture Show, and From Here to Eternity. I'm looking for an Edmond O'Brien movie.	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, John Wayne, Vera Miles, Lee Marvin

1 Spirited Away, The General, The Silence of the Lambs, Lawrence of Arabia, Blade Runner, The Sting, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre are films I really liked. I'm looking for a china movie.	Once Upon a Time in China
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, china, Jet Li, tsui hark
3 I prefer Biography movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Emperor

1 Moonstruck, The Incredibles, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, Punch-Drunk Love, The Wild Bunch, Platoon, and The Third Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Wages of Fear
2 What else is that about?	French
3 I prefer Yves Robert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Mother's Castle

1 I like Princess Mononoke, Annie Hall, Being John Malkovich, Pulp Fiction, Spirited Away, and City of God. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Christian Alvart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Antibodies

1 Requiem for a Dream, Trainspotting, The Green Mile, High Fidelity, Devil in a Blue Dress, Edward Scissorhands, and Almost Famous are films I like. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Patch Adams
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I like Brian Kerwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jack

1 The Evil Dead, The Terminator, True Romance, Night of the Living Dead, The Godfather, The Sixth Sense, and Reservoir Dogs are films I liked. I'm looking for a spaghetti western movie.	For a Few Dollars More
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I prefer Álex de la Iglesia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	800 Bullets

1 Dark City, Ghost in the Shell, Blade II, The Man Without a Past, Groundhog Day, The Godfather, and Blade are movies I like. I'm looking for an environmental movie.	Silent Running
2 What else is that about?	environmental, environment
3 I prefer Steven Zaillian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Civil Action

1 I really like Strangers on a Train, Sullivan's Travels, Solaris, Three Kings, The Right Stuff, The Year My Voice Broke, and Dancer in the Dark. I'm looking for a Vittorio De Sica movie.	The Garden of the Finzi-Continis
2 What else is that about?	Vittorio De Sica
3 I like Federico Fellini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boccaccio '70

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Crying Game, The Silence of the Lambs, Apollo 13, Pretty Woman, Babe, and Eve's Bayou are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Love, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meg Ryan
3 I prefer romantic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Adam

1 Election, American Beauty, Army of Darkness, Arachnophobia, The Abyss, The Matrix, and Gattaca are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Powder
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Goldblum, Mary Steenburgen, Lance Henriksen, Sean Patrick Flanery
3 I rate Shelley Winters movies. Any other suggestions?	The Diary of Anne Frank

1 I like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Matrix, Wayne's World 2, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Michael Ian Black movie.	Wet Hot American Summer
2 What else is that about?	satirical, Elizabeth Banks, summer camp, David Wain, Michael Ian Black

1 The Godfather, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Bound, The Shawshank Redemption, Dead Poets Society, A Clockwork Orange, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Huston movie.	The Man Who Would Be King
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Sean Connery, Michael Caine, india, afghanistan, Christopher Plummer, John Huston, Rudyard Kipling
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Fat City

1 Man on the Moon, The Prestige, Matchstick Men, Blood Diamond, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Fight Club are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I rate Ryan Phillippe movies. Any other suggestions?	The Way of the Gun

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Fatal Attraction, Raging Bull, Peter Pan, The French Connection, Absolute Power, and Ransom are films I really like. I'm looking for a George Clooney movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg, George Clooney, John C. Reilly, Diane Lane
3 I prefer Alex D. Linz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Fine Day

1 Bringing Up Baby, King Kong, The Terminator, All About Eve, Being John Malkovich, The Best Years of Our Lives, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Local Hero
2 What else is that about?	scotland, Burt Lancaster, Bill Forsyth
3 I like Jeff Bridges movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arlington Road

1 I really like American History X, Hot Fuzz, Fight Club, The Bourne Identity, Zombieland, Casino Royale, and The Departed. I'm looking for a comics movie.	Batman Begins
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, super-hero, Christopher Nolan, dc comics, iceland, comics, dc, Katie Holmes, comic, Fear, David S. Goyer
3 I like imax movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dark Knight

1 The Lion King, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Braveheart, Nixon, Forrest Gump, Shadowlands, and Nell are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Short Cuts
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, los angeles, Julianne Moore, Tom Waits, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate musicians movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dukes

1 Circle of Friends, Death and the Maiden, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Ed Wood, Tank Girl, Waterworld, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Cuba movie.	Strawberry and Chocolate
2 What else is that about?	Cuba
3 I rate Havana movies. Any other suggestions?	Havana

1 Vertigo, My Man Godfrey, Laura, Miller's Crossing, Le Samouraï, The Searchers, and Rebel Without a Cause are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Vincente Minnelli movie.	The Bad and the Beautiful
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Vincente Minnelli
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bad and the Beautiful

1 The Thirteenth Floor, Fight Club, Tangled, The Matrix, Shrek, The Truman Show, and Paperman are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sleuth
2 Who is that directed by?	Kenneth Branagh
3 I rate Matthew Saville movies. Any other suggestions?	Felony

1 I liked Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Braveheart, The Apostle, Pulp Fiction, Saving Private Ryan, My Cousin Vinny, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a nicholson movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt, James L. Brooks, nicholson
3 I prefer psychic abilities movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shining

1 I watched the films Unforgiven, Alien, Memento, Witness for the Prosecution, The Battle of Algiers, Peeping Tom, and A Beautiful Mind and loved them. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Lola
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Rob Roy, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Don Juan DeMarco, Batman, and Desperado. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jeffrey
2 What else is that about?	gay, Romantic Comedy, aids
3 I rate hong kong movies. Any other suggestions?	Twin Dragons

1 A Fish Called Wanda, You've Got Mail, The Wrong Trousers, Weird Science, Beautiful Girls, L.A. Confidential, and Taxi Driver are movies I like. I'm looking for a writing movie.	Wonder Boys
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I like Mike Cahill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Another Earth

1 The Wizard of Oz, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Godfather, Spirited Away, Braveheart, Batman Begins, and A Clockwork Orange are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Ten Commandments
2 What else is that about?	biblical, Cecil B. DeMille
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Agnes of God

1 I watched the films Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Finding Nemo, A Beautiful Mind, Contact, The Pianist, Monsters, Inc., and The Game and loved them. I'm looking for a John Travolta movie.	Phenomenon
2 What else is that about?	own, John Travolta, genius, Forest Whitaker, Robert Duvall, Jon Turteltaub, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I prefer Paris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	From Paris with Love

1 Rocky, Shakespeare in Love, Men of Honor, Moulin Rouge!, Jurassic Park, Spy Game, and Life Is Beautiful are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like James Ivory movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heat and Dust

1 I liked The Breakfast Club, Toy Story 2, Office Space, Better Than Chocolate, The Opposite of Sex, Chicken Run, and American Pie 2. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Safe Men
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I prefer Angelina Jolie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hackers

1 I really like Mallrats, Bend It Like Beckham, X-Men, Pitch Black, Good Will Hunting, Full Metal Jacket, and Red Dragon. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dawn of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, zombies, r, remake, directorial debut, zombie, Zack Snyder, Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames
3 I rate Darren Lynn Bousman movies. Any other suggestions?	Saw IV

1 I love Quills, Scary Movie, High Art, The Time Machine, Reign of Fire, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Dance with Me. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Life or Something Like It
2 Who does that star?	Angelina Jolie
3 I rate Bette Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	It's Love I'm After

1 I watched the films Aladdin, Ghost, Maverick, Apollo 13, Crimson Tide, The Fugitive, and Batman and loved them. I'm looking for a Halle Berry movie.	Executive Decision
2 What else is that about?	Kurt Russell, Halle Berry, Steven Seagal
3 I like Don Cheadle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swordfish

1 Nosferatu, An American Werewolf in London, The Shining, Jaws, Mute Witness, Carrie, and A Nightmare on Elm Street are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Viggo Mortensen movie.	The Prophecy
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Widen
3 I prefer Andrew Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Perfect Murder

1 Speed, Much Ado About Nothing, Rumble in the Bronx, Broken Arrow, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, and Jurassic Park are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Priest movie.	Priest
2 Who is that directed by?	Antonia Bird
3 I rate Pedro Almodóvar movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Education

1 Heavenly Creatures, Exotica, Trainspotting, Pulp Fiction, A Little Princess, Hoop Dreams, and The Remains of the Day are films I like. I'm looking for a piano movie.	The Piano
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, 19th century, new zealand, Harvey Keitel, piano, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin, Jane Campion
3 I rate haneke movies. Any other suggestions?	The Piano Teacher

1 Carrie, Casino, Pleasantville, October Sky, Smoke Signals, Platoon, and A Christmas Story are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boogie Nights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, 1970s, Mark Wahlberg, Paul Thomas Anderson, 70s
3 I prefer John Lithgow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Homegrown

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Rocky, Sneakers, Romancing the Stone, The Devil's Own, Armageddon, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who is that directed by?	George B. Seitz
3 I prefer Jon Turteltaub movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sorcerer's Apprentice

1 Die Hard, Planet of the Apes, Smokey and the Bandit, Reign of Fire, The Fugitive, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Princess Bride are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 Who is that directed by?	Eduardo Sánchez, Daniel Myrick
3 I prefer Roger Corman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Bucket of Blood

1 Alien, Jaws, Highlander, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Terminator, The Silence of the Lambs, and Diamonds Are Forever are movies I love. I'm looking for a Monster movie.	King Kong
2 Who is that directed by?	John Guillermin
3 I rate Stephen Sommers movies. Any other suggestions?	Van Helsing

1 Serenity, Seven Samurai, Audition, The Incredibles, My Neighbor Totoro, Escape from New York, and Shaun of the Dead are films I liked. I'm looking for a cast movie.	The Castle of Cagliostro
2 What else is that about?	anime, japan, directorial debut, Hayao Miyazaki, cast, lupin iii
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dark Knight Rises

1 I watched the films Amélie, The Pianist, Schindler's List, The Big Lebowski, The Bourne Ultimatum, Hannibal, and Batman Begins and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Airport, Renny Harlin, harlin, William Sadler
3 I prefer martial arts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rush Hour

1 I like Donnie Darko, The Shawshank Redemption, The Shining, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, This Is England, Apollo 13, and I, Robot. I'm looking for a Haley Joel Osment movie.	Pay It Forward
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Kevin Spacey, Helen Hunt, Haley Joel Osment, Mimi Leder
3 I like farm movies more. Do you know anything else?	Secondhand Lions

1 Goodfellas, Dark City, The Third Man, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Insider, and High Fidelity are films I really like. I'm looking for a police corruption movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 What else is that about?	r, Police, Corruption, story, Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, police corruption, detective, 1950s, noir, Danny DeVito, Guy Pearce, Kim Basinger, Curtis Hanson

1 I really liked The Usual Suspects, Being John Malkovich, Princess Mononoke, The Spanish Prisoner, Young Frankenstein, American Beauty, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chungking Express
2 What else is that about?	Love, hong kong, na, Takeshi Kaneshiro
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Punch-Drunk Love

1 I watched the films A Grand Day Out, Predator, Glengarry Glen Ross, Chicken Run, The Birds, Muppet Treasure Island, and Happy, Texas and loved them. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Grass
2 What else is that about?	History, Documentary, marijuana, Ron Mann
3 I rate military movies. Any other suggestions?	Why We Fight

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Rio Bravo, Lawrence of Arabia, The Big Blue, Trading Places, Army of Darkness, and Spaceballs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a fairy tale movie.	Legend
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, dark, fairy tale, Tom Cruise, Ridley Scott, Tim Curry, Mia Sara
3 I rate Hugh Dancy movies. Any other suggestions?	Ella Enchanted

1 My Life as a Dog, The Red Violin, A Christmas Story, Sleeper, Tora! Tora! Tora!, Cool Hand Luke, and Witness are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	From Here to Eternity
2 Who does that star?	Burt Lancaster, Donna Reed, Deborah Kerr, Montgomery Clift
3 I prefer Barry Pepper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	61*

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Postman, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, Saving Private Ryan, The Help, Armageddon, and Troy are movies I like. I'm looking for a Mark Robson movie.	The Inn of the Sixth Happiness
2 What else is that about?	Mark Robson
3 I rate korean war movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bridges at Toko-Ri

1 I love Blue Velvet, The Silence of the Lambs, Pollock, Sideways, The Godfather, The Straight Story, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gummo
2 What else is that about?	stylized, tornado, Harmony Korine
3 I like Finnish movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cuckoo

1 I like The Royal Tenenbaums, The Wrong Trousers, Shirley Valentine, Strictly Ballroom, The Big Sleep, Hairspray, and Modern Times. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mrs Dalloway
2 What else is that about?	Virginia Woolf
3 I like Tom Tykwer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Princess and the Warrior

1 I like Lost in Translation, Annie Hall, Shaolin Soccer, The Seventh Seal, Young Frankenstein, Chinatown, and Frida. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Visitor
2 Who does that star?	John Huston, Glenn Ford, Mel Ferrer
3 I rate Jennifer Aniston movies. Any other suggestions?	Leprechaun

1 Independence Day, Multiplicity, The First Wives Club, One Fine Day, Ransom, The Preacher's Wife, and Twister are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Turbulence
2 Who does that star?	Ray Liotta, Lauren Holly
3 I rate Will Patton movies. Any other suggestions?	No Way Out

1 Cinema Paradiso, The Others, The Thin Red Line, Edward Scissorhands, The Silence of the Lambs, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Sleepy Hollow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Celebration
2 What else is that about?	Family, suicide, birthday, Thomas Vinterberg
3 I prefer Raja Gosnell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Home Alone 3

1 I really liked Big Daddy, The Little Mermaid, The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad, Beverly Hills Cop, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Sin City, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind. I'm looking for a John Landis movie.	Spies Like Us
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis

1 The Matrix, The Shining, Apollo 13, Trainspotting, Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, and Shrek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, classic, disturbing, violence, Music, violent, psychological, r, future, soundtrack, rape, Stanley Kubrick, controversial, psychiatry, kubrick, Malcolm McDowell, Beethoven, Anthony Burgess
3 I like Elmore Leonard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Shorty

1 The Sixth Sense, Vertical Limit, Meet the Parents, Jumanji, Toy Story, Mystery Men, and Charlie's Angels are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Little
2 Who does that star?	Bill Murray
3 I like Jeff Anderson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Clerks

1 Muriel's Wedding, The Cider House Rules, Peter Pan, Midnight Cowboy, Wag the Dog, The Little Mermaid, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The People vs. Larry Flynt
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Edward Norton, Woody Harrelson, biographical, Courtney Love
3 I like world war ii movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sun

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption and Catch Me If You Can. I'm looking for a cocaine movie.	Blow
2 What else is that about?	cocaine, Ted Demme

1 The Thin Man, Casablanca, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, M, Psycho, The Celluloid Closet, and That Obscure Object of Desire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Three Days of the Condor
2 Who does that star?	Max von Sydow, Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, Cliff Robertson
3 I prefer Harrison Ford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Presumed Innocent

1 The Bourne Identity, Catch Me If You Can, The Princess Bride, Ocean's Eleven, The Shawshank Redemption, and Persuasion are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bend It Like Beckham
2 What else is that about?	London, Keira Knightley, football
3 I prefer Steve Zahn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Management

1 Wall Street, Breaking Away, The Razor's Edge, Life Is Beautiful, Ghostbusters, Emma, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What About Bob?
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I like Jorge Furtado movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man Who Copied

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Princess Bride, MASH, When Harry Met Sally..., Romeo + Juliet, Braveheart, and The Graduate are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	Inventing the Abbotts
2 What else is that about?	Joaquin Phoenix
3 I rate jewish movies. Any other suggestions?	Two Lovers

1 Airplane!, American Psycho, Edward Scissorhands, American Beauty, Unbreakable, The Pianist, and Scream are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Elite Squad
2 Who is that directed by?	José Padilha
3 I like John Hillcoat movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lawless

1 I really liked Zelig, Inglourious Basterds, Leaving Las Vegas, The Wizard of Oz, Jackie Brown, The Big Lebowski, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	The Last Seduction
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl

1 The Terminator, Stand by Me, Air Force One, True Lies, Good Morning, Vietnam, The American President, and Big are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Midnight Run
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robert De Niro, Martin Brest
3 I prefer Nicholas Hoult movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Warm Bodies

1 The Cable Guy, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Waiting to Exhale, and Jurassic Park are movies I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	How to Make an American Quilt
2 Who is that directed by?	Jocelyn Moorhouse
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Game, Innerspace, Fargo, Gremlins, The 'Burbs, Dawn of the Dead, and Barton Fink are films I really like. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	Forgotten Silver
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson, Costa Botes
3 I prefer Chris Stapp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Dared Me To

1 Evita, L.A. Story, A Beautiful Mind, The Red Violin, Finding Nemo, Parenthood, and Elizabeth are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, national film registry, Steven Soderbergh, lies, videotape
3 I prefer Tom Hooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Longford

1 MASH, The Deer Hunter, Leaving Las Vegas, The Third Man, The Silence of the Lambs, The African Queen, and A Clockwork Orange are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Citizen Kane
2 Who is that directed by?	Orson Welles
3 I prefer Patty Jenkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monster

1 I loved A Christmas Story, The Princess Bride, Men in Black, A Beautiful Mind, Network, Das Boot, and A Few Good Men. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Spy Game
2 What else is that about?	r, Brad Pitt, spy, Robert Redford, Tony Scott
3 I rate Chiwetel Ejiofor movies. Any other suggestions?	Salt

1 I like Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Silence of the Lambs, Pretty Woman, Toy Story, The Birds, Cinderella, and The Replacement Killers. I'm looking for a slasher movie.	Scream
2 What else is that about?	Horror, High School, slasher, united states, Wes Craven, Neve Campbell, Rose McGowan, Skeet Ulrich
3 I like cannibals movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre

1 I watched the films His Girl Friday, M, Harold and Maude, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Casablanca, Duck Soup, and To Kill a Mockingbird and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mister Roberts
2 What else is that about?	John Ford, Jack Lemmon, Henry Fonda, James Cagney, Mervyn LeRoy
3 I like football movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Longest Yard

1 Chinatown, The Crucible, Othello, The Sting, Fargo, Get Shorty, and Double Indemnity are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Karel Reisz movie.	Saturday Night and Sunday Morning
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Albert Finney, Karel Reisz
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saturday Night and Sunday Morning

1 Love Actually, Being John Malkovich, The Crying Game, Patriot Games, Chicago, Shakespeare in Love, and L.A. Story are films I really like. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
2 Who is that directed by?	Garth Jennings
3 I rate René Laloux movies. Any other suggestions?	Gandahar

1 I love The Fountain, House of Dracula, Super 8, The Shadow, Fright Night, Hancock, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. I'm looking for a James Franco movie.	Rise of the Planet of the Apes
2 Who is that directed by?	Rupert Wyatt
3 I rate Nicolas Cage movies. Any other suggestions?	Sonny

1 I like Saving Private Ryan, A Bronx Tale, From Here to Eternity, Citizen Kane, The Silence of the Lambs, Bull Durham, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Verdict
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I like Sebastián Silva movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Maid

1 Scarface, The African Queen, Lawrence of Arabia, The Godfather, Walk the Line, Schindler's List, and Cool Hand Luke are films I love. I'm looking for a French movie.	Amélie
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I rate François Cluzet movies. Any other suggestions?	Tell No One

1 Ghost in the Shell, Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, and The Butterfly Effect are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dawn of the Dead
2 Who does that star?	Ving Rhames, Sarah Polley, Jake Weber
3 I rate Meg Tilly movies. Any other suggestions?	Body Snatchers

1 La Femme Nikita, The Shawshank Redemption, Looking for Richard, The Man Who Would Be King, Pulp Fiction, Brazil, and Rear Window are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Secretary
2 What else is that about?	Romance, sex, erotic, Maggie Gyllenhaal, James Spader, Secretary
3 I rate russia movies. Any other suggestions?	Doctor Zhivago

1 Life as We Know It, The Ugly Truth, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Twilight, 50/50, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and The Lizzie McGuire Movie are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jack and Jill
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adam Sandler
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Anything Else

1 A Close Shave, Much Ado About Nothing, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, True Romance, Death and the Maiden, True Lies, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Threesome
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Lara Flynn Boyle
3 I rate bollywood movies. Any other suggestions?	Hum Tum

1 I watched the films Goodfellas, Dead Man Walking, Girl, Interrupted, Reservoir Dogs, The Sixth Sense, The Usual Suspects, and The Silence of the Lambs and loved them. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I like Sean Young movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Way Out

1 The Player, Chasing Amy, Spaceballs, The Blues Brothers, Desperately Seeking Susan, Snow Falling on Cedars, and The Year of Living Dangerously are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like Antonio Banderas movies more. Do you know anything else?	You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger

1 The Lives of Others, Starship Troopers, Amélie, The Usual Suspects, Rear Window, The Silence of the Lambs, and Eyes Wide Shut are films I love. I'm looking for a double agent movie.	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
2 Who is that directed by?	Tomas Alfredson

1 Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, A Bronx Tale, Broken Arrow, Crimson Tide, Outbreak, and Powder are films I loved. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	In the Line of Fire
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, assassin, Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich, Assassination, secret service, Wolfgang Petersen, eastwood, Rene Russo
3 I prefer finland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hanna

1 The Godfather, The Wizard of Oz, Doctor Zhivago, Contact, Heavy Metal, Apollo 13, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fifth Element
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, Milla Jovovich, Luc Besson, ok, milla
3 I rate Peter O'Toole movies. Any other suggestions?	Troy

1 Rocky, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Deliverance, Blue Velvet, The NeverEnding Story, MASH, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Wild Bunch
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, library, national film registry, Western, Sam Peckinpah, William Holden, Ernest Borgnine
3 I like Charlize Theron movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Million Ways to Die in the West

1 Ninotchka, Leaving Las Vegas, Laura, Mars Attacks!, Chasing Amy, Clerks, and Central Station are films I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Love! Valour! Compassion!
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Mantello

1 Pulp Fiction, Speed, The Shawshank Redemption, Con Air, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, and The Fugitive are films I really like. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Strange Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I rate Roland Emmerich movies. Any other suggestions?	Stargate

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, Fargo, Saving Private Ryan, and Lethal Weapon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stripes
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, John Candy, Harold Ramis, Ivan Reitman
3 I like Michael Dowse movies more. Do you know anything else?	Goon

1 Young Frankenstein, To Kill a Mockingbird, Apocalypse Now, Fight Club, Inherit the Wind, Fargo, and The Iron Giant are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Rutger Hauer movie.	Blade Runner
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I like Jason Eisener movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hobo with a Shotgun

1 I liked Princess Mononoke, American Beauty, Back to the Future, Mystery Train, Miller's Crossing, Seven Samurai, and Fight Club. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ip Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, martial arts, Donnie Yen, Wing Chun, Wilson Yip, Ip Man
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Crime Story

1 Laura, Double Indemnity, Gone with the Wind, Murder, My Sweet, Body and Soul, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Blade Runner are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Angel Heart
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I rate Robert Florey movies. Any other suggestions?	Murders in the Rue Morgue

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Wedding Singer, Heathers, Clueless, Taxi Driver, Alien, and Dead Man Walking are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thomas Carter movie.	Swing Kids
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, germany, youth, Thomas Carter
3 I like dance movies more. Do you know anything else?	Save the Last Dance

1 The Godfather, Election, Unforgiven, Chicken Run, The Matrix, The Castle, and Gladiator are films I loved. I'm looking for a Bernardo Bertolucci movie.	Besieged
2 What else is that about?	Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I like Jeremy Irons movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stealing Beauty

1 A Room with a View, Rain Man, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Remains of the Day, Driving Miss Daisy, Titanic, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I love. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Moll Flanders
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Robin Wright
3 I like Keanu Reeves movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chain Reaction

1 I liked Raise the Red Lantern, The Crying Game, American Pie, Central Station, Being John Malkovich, The Last Emperor, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I rate Rainer Werner Fassbinder movies. Any other suggestions?	Chinese Roulette

1 Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, Requiem for a Dream, American Beauty, 300, The Big Lebowski, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Joe Pantoliano movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I prefer Keanu Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Matrix

1 Schindler's List, The Maltese Falcon, City Lights, Paths of Glory, Sabrina, M, and Citizen Kane are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Born Yesterday
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Mandoki
3 I rate Michel Gondry movies. Any other suggestions?	The Green Hornet

1 The Incredibles, The Usual Suspects, Apollo 13, Back to the Future, Hitch, Chariots of Fire, and The Prince of Egypt are films I really liked. I'm looking for a faith movie.	Soul Surfer
2 What else is that about?	True Story, faith
3 I rate dark comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	A Serious Man

1 Broken Arrow, Black Hawk Down, Three Kings, Office Space, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, and Back to the Future are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, wedding, Vincente Minnelli, Spencer Tracy
3 I like Zach Galifianakis movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Comedians of Comedy

1 Little Miss Sunshine, Into the Wild, Forrest Gump, Pretty Woman, Requiem for a Dream, 21 Grams, and Alien are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last King of Scotland
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Forest Whitaker, James McAvoy, uganda, idi amin, Kevin Macdonald, doctor
3 I rate Marion Cotillard movies. Any other suggestions?	Rust and Bone

1 The Lost Boys, Gone with the Wind, The Road to Wellville, Amélie, North by Northwest, Romeo and Juliet, and Audrey Rose are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Roger Kumble movie.	The Sweetest Thing
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romantic Comedy, Cameron Diaz, Selma Blair, Christina Applegate, Roger Kumble
3 I rate Ryan Reynolds movies. Any other suggestions?	Just Friends

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The Rainmaker, Good Will Hunting, Toy Story, October Sky, Much Ado About Nothing, and Amistad are films I loved. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Les Misérables
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Police, historical, france, Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, cast, Victor Hugo, Tom Hooper
3 I prefer Chicago movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Blues Brothers

1 I liked Toy Story, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Seven Samurai, The Royal Tenenbaums, Mulholland Drive, Amélie, and Lost in Translation. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Badlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I prefer Paul Haggis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crash

1 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Superman, Gone with the Wind, Raising Arizona, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Jagged Edge, and Guys and Dolls are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a François Ozon movie.	Swimming Pool
2 Who does that star?	Charlotte Rampling, Ludivine Sagnier
3 I prefer Gérard Depardieu movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Potiche

1 I liked All About My Mother, Life Is Beautiful, Shrek, Dracula, and Y Tu Mamá También. I'm looking for a Jeff Daniels movie.	Pleasantville
2 Who does that star?	Tobey Maguire, Reese Witherspoon, William H. Macy, Joan Allen
3 I prefer Anna Paquin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fly Away Home

1 I like American Beauty, Lord of the Flies, Say Anything..., It Could Happen to You, The Object of My Affection, She's All That, and The Wedding Singer. I'm looking for a teen movie.	10 Things I Hate About You
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, teen, shakespeare, romantic, Heath Ledger, Julia Stiles, Gil Junger
3 I like Justin Lin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Better Luck Tomorrow

1 Groundhog Day, The Sixth Sense, Monsters, Inc., Men in Black, Minority Report, Pulp Fiction, and Tootsie are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	Splash
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, Ron Howard, John Candy
3 I like Harold Ramis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stripes

1 Gigi, The Philadelphia Story, The Birds, Independence Day, Singin' in the Rain, Sabrina, and The Killing Fields are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mark Sandrich movie.	The Gay Divorcee
2 What else is that about?	Divorce, Mark Sandrich, Eric Blore
3 I rate Holiday movies. Any other suggestions?	Holiday Inn

1 I love The Little Mermaid, Weird Science, Planet of the Apes, Major League, City of Angels, Mary Poppins, and Pay It Forward. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twins
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Twins, Danny DeVito, Ivan Reitman
3 I like Christopher Walken movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man of the Year

1 Tango, Erin Brockovich, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Gosford Park, The Passion of Anna, A Place in the Sun, and Another Year are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Sayles movie.	Limbo
2 What else is that about?	John Sayles
3 I rate baseball movies. Any other suggestions?	Eight Men Out

1 I loved The Breakfast Club, Tommy Boy, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Private Parts, The Wedding Singer, There's Something About Mary, and Trading Places. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	American Pie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, teen, virginity, Seann William Scott, Alyson Hannigan, Jason Biggs, Chris Weitz, Shannon Elizabeth, Chris Klein
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Smokey and the Bandit

1 The Fugitive and The Shawshank Redemption are films I like. I'm looking for a James Spader movie.	Stargate
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I like Steven Shainberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Secretary

1 Groundhog Day, The Lion King, The Royal Tenenbaums, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Much Ado About Nothing, The Fugitive, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mathieu Kassovitz movie.	La Haine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, r, French, Paris, Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	La Haine

1 I loved Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Sense and Sensibility, Fargo, Juno, Contact, Hotel Rwanda, and The Prestige. I'm looking for an Edward Norton movie.	Rounders
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Matt Damon, poker, money, John Dahl
3 I like Marlon Brando movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Score

1 Citizen Kane, Clear and Present Danger, North by Northwest, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Birds, Airplane!, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Moonstruck
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Nicolas Cage, Romantic Comedy, New York, Norman Jewison, Cher, Olympia Dukakis, John Patrick Shanley
3 I rate Wes Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grand Budapest Hotel

1 Tombstone, Pulp Fiction, Happy Gilmore, Grosse Pointe Blank, Sling Blade, Get Shorty, and Courage Under Fire are movies I like. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	Michael Collins
2 What else is that about?	historical, Irish, Neil Jordan
3 I like ireland movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breakfast on Pluto

1 I watched the films Shine, The Elephant Man, To Kill a Mockingbird, Goodfellas, Life Is Beautiful, Big Night, and JFK and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 What else is that about?	friendship, r, dialogue, relationships, Fun, romantic, Romantic Comedy, New York, Meg Ryan, jazz, Billy Crystal, Rob Reiner, Nora Ephron
3 I prefer Corey Yuen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All for the Winner

1 I really liked Avatar, Ip Man, Blood Diamond, Good Will Hunting, The Game, Rain Man, and Slumdog Millionaire. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	Adam's Apples
2 Who is that directed by?	Anders Thomas Jensen
3 I prefer Ethan Coen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Intolerable Cruelty

1 The Lion King, Catch Me If You Can, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Departed, Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Dark Knight, and Memento are movies I really like. I'm looking for an apatow movie.	Forgetting Sarah Marshall
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Mila Kunis, Jason Segel, Hawaii, Kristen Bell, Russell Brand, composer, Nicholas Stoller, apatow
3 I prefer Michael Cera movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Superbad

1 The Longest Yard, Full Metal Jacket, Fargo, Three Days of the Condor, The Great Escape, Bull Durham, and Stop Making Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Mike's Murder
2 Who does that star?	Debra Winger, Mark Keyloun
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Legally Blonde, 50 First Dates, Bruce Almighty, Lord of War, Mona Lisa Smile, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jamie Lee Curtis movie.	My Girl
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Macaulay Culkin, Anna Chlumsky
3 I prefer Michael Palin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Fish Called Wanda

1 Yojimbo, RoboCop, Evil Dead II, Election, Touch of Evil, Hard Boiled, and Raising Arizona are films I really like. I'm looking for a birthday movie.	The Celebration
2 Who is that directed by?	Thomas Vinterberg

1 I loved Die Hard, Back to the Future, Apocalypse Now, The Usual Suspects, Stargate, Speed, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a War movie.	The English Patient
2 What else is that about?	War, Love, world war i, Anthony Minghella, patient, burn victim
3 I rate Vivien Leigh movies. Any other suggestions?	Gone with the Wind

1 I loved Taxi Driver, Annie Hall, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Godfather, Psycho, and Rear Window. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I rate Gianni Zanasi movies. Any other suggestions?	Non pensarci

1 On the Waterfront, Raising Arizona, The Breakfast Club, Parenthood, Midnight Run, Working Girl, and A Room with a View are films I loved. I'm looking for a 80s movie.	Big
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, 1980s, 80s, Elizabeth Perkins, Penny Marshall
3 I prefer soundtrack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flashdance

1 L.A. Confidential, Psycho, Rear Window, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Chinatown, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Wizard of Oz are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I prefer John Landis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beverly Hills Cop III

1 To Catch a Thief, Spellbound, Sabrina, Toy Story 2, Notorious, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Singin' in the Rain are films I really like. I'm looking for a George Bernard Shaw movie.	My Fair Lady
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Musical, story, Broadway, best picture, George Cukor, George Bernard Shaw
3 I prefer Leslie Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pygmalion

1 V for Vendetta, The Bourne Identity, Elysium, We're the Millers, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Avatar, and How to Train Your Dragon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Joe Swanberg movie.	Drinking Buddies
2 What else is that about?	drinking, Chicago, Anna Kendrick, Olivia Wilde, Jake Johnson, Joe Swanberg
3 I prefer Adam Wingard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	V/H/S

1 Blade Runner, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Godfather, The Full Monty, The Blues Brothers, A Fish Called Wanda, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Joseph Conrad movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen
3 I like Bob Hoskins movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Secret Agent

1 Super Size Me, Princess Mononoke, and Office Space are films I loved. I'm looking for an apple movie.	Pirates of Silicon Valley
2 What else is that about?	apple, microsoft
3 I like Samira Makhmalbaf movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Apple

1 The Shining, The Exorcist, The Wolf Man, Night of the Living Dead, The Birds, Nosferatu, and Ghostbusters are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	House of Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Dracula, frankenstein's monster, universal
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Devil

1 Traffic, The Usual Suspects, Magnolia, Citizen Kane, Rushmore, L.A. Confidential, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Swingers
2 Who does that star?	Vince Vaughn, Ron Livingston, Jon Favreau
3 I prefer James Rebhorn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scent of a Woman

1 Reservoir Dogs, Psycho, Let the Right One In, Zero Dark Thirty, Source Code, North by Northwest, and The Graduate are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Billy Wilder, Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis
3 I prefer gay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss

1 Destry Rides Again, The African Queen, The Graduate, Pinocchio, The Sound of Music, Raging Bull, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Vincent Price movie.	Laura
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Price, Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney, Clifton Webb
3 I prefer Patricia Cutts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tingler

1 Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Toy Story, Fargo, The Princess Bride, Aliens, and Apocalypse Now are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swingers
2 Who does that star?	Vince Vaughn, Ron Livingston, Jon Favreau
3 I prefer Carina Lau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Let the Bullets Fly

1 Fear of a Black Hat, Dazed and Confused, Sleepless in Seattle, When Harry Met Sally..., Cocoon, Good Will Hunting, and Heat are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What Women Want
2 Who does that star?	Andy Lau
3 I like Fred Gwynne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disorganized Crime

1 I like Coma, Breakfast at Tiffany's, When Harry Met Sally..., Roman Holiday, Sleepless in Seattle, Dead Man Walking, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	A Perfect Murder
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, remake, Gwyneth Paltrow, Michael Douglas, Viggo Mortensen, Andrew Davis
3 I prefer Neil Jordan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Good Thief

1 A Close Shave, Fear, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Leaving Las Vegas, Heat, Blade Runner, and The People vs. Larry Flynt are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Charles Walters movies. Any other suggestions?	Please Don't Eat the Daisies

1 Forrest Gump, American Beauty, The Pianist, and Office Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Ethan Hawke movie.	Gattaca
2 What else is that about?	future, science fiction, Jude Law, Uma Thurman, Ethan Hawke, eugenics, Gore Vidal, Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer Richard Linklater movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before Sunrise

1 Equilibrium, The Graduate, Clear and Present Danger, The Spy Who Loved Me, The Royal Tenenbaums, Leaving Las Vegas, and Real Genius are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Heart Huckabees
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jude Law, Dustin Hoffman, Mark Wahlberg, Naomi Watts, Jason Schwartzman, David O. Russell, Lily Tomlin
3 I like Audrey Tautou movies more. Do you know anything else?	Amélie

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, The Mask of Zorro, Schindler's List, The Princess Bride, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, historical, library, national film registry, Western, Epic, Kevin Costner, best picture, indians, Wolves, indian
3 I prefer Ed Harris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Appaloosa

1 I liked The Piano, A Fish Called Wanda, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Leaving Las Vegas, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ed Wood
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Biography, Bill Murray, Tim Burton, biopic, b-movie, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Martin Landau, Ed Wood
3 I prefer Frankenstein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frankenhooker

1 Fargo, Goodfellas, Rushmore, Go, American Beauty, Vertigo, and Three Kings are films I love. I'm looking for a philip marlowe movie.	The Long Goodbye
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I prefer Robert Montgomery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lady in the Lake

1 Almost Famous, Gangs of New York, The Goonies, Back to the Future, Garden State, The Cell, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Ed Harris movie.	The Truman Show
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Natascha McElhone, Noah Emmerich
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	Absolute Power

1 Pulp Fiction, Blade Runner, Amélie, Spirited Away, Lost in Translation, The Usual Suspects, and Talk to Her are films I liked. I'm looking for an Aki Kaurismäki movie.	The Man Without a Past
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Finnish, Aki Kaurismäki
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ariel

1 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Carrie, Pitch Black, I'm the One That I Want, Batman Begins, Driving Miss Daisy, and Double Indemnity are movies I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Harvey Girls
2 Who does that star?	Judy Garland, Ray Bolger, Angela Lansbury, John Hodiak
3 I rate Martyn Green movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mikado

1 I watched the films Babe, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Bringing Up Baby, Moonstruck, When Harry Met Sally..., Parenthood, and To Catch a Thief and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love in the Afternoon
2 What else is that about?	Audrey Hepburn, Billy Wilder
3 I rate women movies. Any other suggestions?	Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown

1 I really like Addams Family Values, The Graduate, The Blues Brothers, The Crying Game, Heavy Metal, Dances with Wolves, and Philadelphia. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	To Be or Not to Be
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remake, Mel Brooks
3 I like Alberto Lattuada movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mafioso

1 Full Metal Jacket, The Shawshank Redemption, Death at a Funeral, The Dark Knight, Gladiator, Away We Go, and The Green Mile are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fred Dekker movie.	The Monster Squad
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Monster, 80s, Monsters, Fred Dekker
3 I rate future movies. Any other suggestions?	RoboCop 3

1 I really like Life Is Beautiful, Galaxy Quest, Citizen Kane, Dune, Strictly Ballroom, The Pelican Brief, and Spartacus. I'm looking for an Elijah Wood movie.	Deep Impact
2 Who is that directed by?	Mimi Leder
3 I rate Joseph Ruben movies. Any other suggestions?	The Good Son

1 Key Largo, Chinatown, A Night to Remember, The Philadelphia Story, The Thin Man, The Spitfire Grill, and Harvey are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a great depression movie.	The Grapes of Wrath
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, depression, John Ford, great depression, Henry Fonda, John Steinbeck
3 I like Peter Bogdanovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paper Moon

1 Ghostbusters II, Agent Cody Banks, Beetlejuice, James and the Giant Peach, Toy Story, Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium, and Big Daddy are movies I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	TMNT
2 What else is that about?	Animation, franchise, Ninja
3 I prefer dinosaur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story

1 I really liked Passion of Mind, Ocean's Eleven, Orange County, L.A. Confidential, St. Elmo's Fire, Spy Game, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shallow Hal
2 What else is that about?	Jack Black, Gwyneth Paltrow, farrelly brothers, Jason Alexander
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Our Hospitality

1 Desperado, The Silence of the Lambs, Immortal Beloved, Forrest Gump, Legends of the Fall, and Ghost are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Assassins
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I like Omid Nooshin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Passenger

1 I really like The City of Lost Children, Last Night, Blade Runner, La Jetée, Moon, Alien, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a marijuana movie.	Easy Rider
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, drugs, library, marijuana, road movie, Dennis Hopper, united states, Peter Fonda, counterculture
3 I prefer Ron Mann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grass

1 I liked Sanjuro, Rebel Without a Cause, A Man and a Woman, An American in Paris, The Man Who Fell to Earth, La Grande Bouffe, and Sex, Lies, and Videotape. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Carnal Knowledge
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer John Cassavetes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Opening Night

1 Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, The Godfather, Misery, The Sixth Sense, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I prefer Michael Douglas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Game

1 I liked True Lies, American History X, Aliens, John Wick, Toy Story, Kung Fu Panda, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dumb and Dumber To
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Jeff Daniels, Laurie Holden
3 I rate Rae Dawn Chong movies. Any other suggestions?	Soul Man

1 I watched the films Lolita, Little Voice, Finding Nemo, Animal House, The Shawshank Redemption, Rashomon, and Cold Comfort Farm and loved them. I'm looking for a French Film movie.	My Mother's Castle
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, 1, Yves Robert
3 I like fashion movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coco Before Chanel

1 I liked Dead Poets Society, The Shining, Full Metal Jacket, The Matrix, The Godfather, The Basketball Diaries, and Big Daddy. I'm looking for a Jason Biggs movie.	American Pie
2 Who does that star?	Jason Biggs, Chris Klein, Alyson Hannigan, Thomas Ian Nicholas
3 I like Dane Cook movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Best Friend's Girl

1 I watched the films It's a Wonderful Life, Amélie, West Side Story, Beauty and the Beast, High Fidelity, Shrek, and The Sound of Music and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Henry Koster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It Started with Eve

1 Fight Club, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Gone with the Wind, The Blues Brothers, Pulp Fiction, The Elephant Man, and Happy Gilmore are films I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Enter the Dragon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, martial arts, national film registry, Dragon, hong kong, Bruce Lee, Robert Clouse
3 I prefer Richard Dreyfuss movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jaws

1 The Elephant Man, The Silence of the Lambs, Rain Man, There's Something About Mary, When Harry Met Sally..., Rumble in the Bronx, and Psycho are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I prefer Antoine Fuqua movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Training Day

1 Get Shorty, 12 Angry Men, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Manhattan Murder Mystery, Shakespeare in Love, Rising Sun, and The Thomas Crown Affair are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Dreamlife of Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Erick Zonca
3 I prefer Daniel MacIvor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wilby Wonderful

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Casablanca, North by Northwest, Cool Hand Luke, Chinatown, and Casino Royale. I'm looking for a gross movie.	The Exorcist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, scary, cult, Possession, exorcism, Priest, Max von Sydow, satan, gross, William Friedkin, Ellen Burstyn
3 I prefer Napoleon Dynamite movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Napoleon Dynamite

1 Dirty Dancing, Maverick, Grace of My Heart, Broken Arrow, Watership Down, The Pagemaster, and Private Parts are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Overnight Delivery
2 Who does that star?	Paul Rudd, Reese Witherspoon
3 I like Antônio Fagundes movies more. Do you know anything else?	God Is Brazilian

1 U.S. Marshals, The Dark Knight, Predator, Romeo Must Die, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Batman Begins, and The Lion King are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rang De Basanti
2 What else is that about?	bollywood
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lizard

1 Being John Malkovich, Minority Report, Memento, Shadow of a Doubt, Mallrats, There's Something About Mary, and The 39 Steps are movies I love. I'm looking for a jewish family movie.	Slums of Beverly Hills
2 What else is that about?	1970s, jewish family

1 I like Little Shop of Horrors, The Prestige, SLC Punk!, RoboCop, The Big Lebowski, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	King of New York
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Christopher Walken, Abel Ferrara
3 I rate David Dobkin movies. Any other suggestions?	Wedding Crashers

1 A Hard Day's Night, Doctor Zhivago, M, Being John Malkovich, Glengarry Glen Ross, The Philadelphia Story, and Diva are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Monica Bellucci movie.	The Apartment
2 What else is that about?	Monica Bellucci
3 I rate Clive Owen movies. Any other suggestions?	Shoot 'Em Up

1 I loved Vanishing Point, The Cat Returns, My Dinner with Andre, My Neighbor Totoro, Amélie, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Girl Who Leapt Through Time. I'm looking for a Roger Donaldson movie.	The World's Fastest Indian
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins, 1960s, motorcycle, new zealand, utah, Speed, Roger Donaldson, bonneville salt flats
3 I like Robin Williams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cadillac Man

1 Scream, Lethal Weapon, The Godfather, The Color Purple, Airplane!, Batman Returns, and Forrest Gump are films I love. I'm looking for a Carl Reiner movie.	The Jerk
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin, Bernadette Peters
3 I rate Kirstie Alley movies. Any other suggestions?	Summer School

1 The Graduate, Microcosmos, Rain Man, The Limey, My Life as a Dog, Pleasantville, and Being John Malkovich are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Rainmaker
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Jon Voight, Danny DeVito, Claire Danes
3 I rate Lotte Verbeek movies. Any other suggestions?	Nothing Personal

1 Patton, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Braveheart, Das Boot, Chariots of Fire, Fargo, and Rocky are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I prefer Marvin J. Chomsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tank

1 Thank You for Smoking, Jarhead, Amélie, Finding Nemo, Once, Life as a House, and Requiem for a Dream are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Food, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, business, food, farming, america
3 I rate climate change movies. Any other suggestions?	The Age of Stupid

1 Forrest Gump, Clear and Present Danger, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Aquamarine

1 I liked Edward Scissorhands, Bound, C.R.A.Z.Y., The Shawshank Redemption, Tokyo Godfathers, American History X, and Million Dollar Baby. I'm looking for a cancer movie.	Declaration of War
2 Who is that directed by?	Valérie Donzelli
3 I rate Michael McGowan movies. Any other suggestions?	One Week

1 I love Schindler's List, Trainspotting, Fargo, Smoke Signals, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, A Fish Called Wanda, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Nikita Mikhalkov movie.	Burnt by the Sun
2 Who does that star?	Nikita Mikhalkov

1 I really like Forrest Gump, Braveheart, Much Ado About Nothing, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I like Bonnie Hunt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Return to Me

1 Pretty Woman, M, The Killing Fields, A Close Shave, The Big Lebowski, Full Metal Jacket, and Citizen Kane are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	La Strada
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Italian, Federico Fellini, Anthony Quinn, fellini, Giulietta Masina
3 I like dark comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hesher

1 Dangerous Liaisons, The Apartment, After Hours, 8½, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Wedding Singer, and The Shining are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Accidental Tourist
2 Who does that star?	William Hurt, Geena Davis, Kathleen Turner
3 I prefer Hugo Silva movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Guts

1 I like Jurassic Park, When Harry Met Sally..., 12 Angry Men, Good Will Hunting, The Karate Kid, Part II, Titanic, and Stand by Me. I'm looking for a violin movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red

1 Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Kingpin, Stripes, The Dark Knight, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A League of Their Own
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I like Frank Darabont movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Majestic

1 There's Something About Mary, Shakespeare in Love, Almost Famous, Full Metal Jacket, Sleepless in Seattle, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Untouchables
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I like Damon Dash movies more. Do you know anything else?	State Property 2

1 I really liked Being John Malkovich, Jackie Brown, Take the Money and Run, Dazed and Confused, L.A. Confidential, Waiting for Guffman, and The Killing Fields. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	You Can Count on Me
2 What else is that about?	r, Family, small town, Mark Ruffalo, Matthew Broderick, Laura Linney
3 I rate Richard Quine movies. Any other suggestions?	Strangers When We Meet

1 I really liked Summer with Monika, The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, M, The Great Escape, Saraband, Coffee and Cigarettes, and Red Beard. I'm looking for an Ingmar Bergman movie.	Face to Face
2 Who does that star?	Liv Ullmann, Erland Josephson
3 I like Ingrid Bergman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Autumn Sonata

1 I loved Wings of Desire, To Be or Not to Be, Manhattan Murder Mystery, Chungking Express, The Player, The Shop Around the Corner, and The Crying Game. I'm looking for a heroin movie.	Jesus' Son
2 Who does that star?	Billy Crudup
3 I prefer Jonny Lee Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trainspotting

1 My Cousin Vinny, Braveheart, Die Hard, Ghostbusters, Forrest Gump, The Princess Bride, and A Close Shave are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I prefer Norman Taurog movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Boys Town

1 I really liked Pretty Woman, The Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, Stargate, The Fugitive, and The Crow. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Broken Arrow
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Jeff Chandler
3 I rate Blondin Miguel movies. Any other suggestions?	Le Havre

1 Labyrinth, Big, The Jungle Book, Darby O'Gill and the Little People, Guys and Dolls, Clueless, and White Christmas are films I liked. I'm looking for a Candice Bergen movie.	Miss Congeniality
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Michael Caine, Sandra Bullock, Candice Bergen, Benjamin Bratt
3 I like Richard Attenborough movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sand Pebbles

1 I watched the films O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Dead Poets Society, The Usual Suspects, Swingers, Raising Arizona, An American Werewolf in London, and Planet of the Apes and loved them. I'm looking for a Chinese movie.	The Joy Luck Club
2 What else is that about?	women, Chinese, culture, Wayne Wang
3 I like Musical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mulan

1 Schindler's List, Sling Blade, Clerks, The Fly, A Clockwork Orange, Apocalypse Now, and Heavy Metal are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Pi
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I like John Frankenheimer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Manchurian Candidate

1 I really liked The Deer Hunter, Annie Hall, Blade Runner, Leaving Las Vegas, Fried Green Tomatoes, A Close Shave, and Sophie's Choice. I'm looking for a Roberto Benigni movie.	Down by Law
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I rate Roberto Benigni movies. Any other suggestions?	Life Is Beautiful

1 Evil Dead II, The Incredibles, Die Hard, The Sixth Sense, The Fifth Element, Akira, and Total Recall are films I loved. I'm looking for a M. Night Shyamalan movie.	Unbreakable
2 What else is that about?	superhero, Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson, super-hero, M. Night Shyamalan, avi, security guard, shyamalan
3 I like dead movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sixth Sense

1 I liked The Godfather, Alice in Wonderland, The Lion King, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Beauty and the Beast, Citizen Kane, and The Piano. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Bambi
2 What else is that about?	classic, Animation, disney, animated classic, deer, woods
3 I prefer Joan Cusack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story 2

1 I liked Walk the Line, Inside Man, Magnolia, Taxi Driver, Michael Clayton, The Shawshank Redemption, and Ocean's Eleven. I'm looking for a Beautiful movie.	Beautiful Girls
2 What else is that about?	Beautiful, Natalie Portman, Uma Thurman, Matt Dillon, Ted Demme, portman

1 I loved Fight Club, 300, Pulp Fiction, The Matrix, Requiem for a Dream, Pi, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Mulholland Drive
2 Who does that star?	Naomi Watts, Laura Harring
3 I prefer Laurence Olivier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bunny Lake Is Missing

1 I really like Oldboy, Requiem for a Dream, Prisoners, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, The Godfather, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Juno Temple movie.	Mr. Nobody
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, nonlinear, soundtrack, philosophy, Memory, Divorce, immortality, Jared Leto, Diane Kruger, Sarah Polley, Rhys Ifans, Juno Temple, Jaco Van Dormael

1 While You Were Sleeping, Pulp Fiction, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Shawshank Redemption, Billy Madison, Sleepless in Seattle, and Outbreak are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jim Carrey movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I like Love movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind

1 Crooklyn, Nobody's Fool, True Romance, Immortal Beloved, Leaving Las Vegas, Clerks, and Tombstone are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Romeo Is Bleeding
2 Who does that star?	Gary Oldman
3 I like Christian Slater movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Romance

1 Patton, The Godfather, Lawrence of Arabia, The Wizard of Oz, North by Northwest, Chinatown, and The Madness of King George are films I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The African Queen
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I prefer Joe Johnston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pagemaster

1 Bolt, 8 Mile, Shrek, Scarface, Cars, Despicable Me, and The Lion King are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rio
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Music, Anne Hathaway, Brazil, rio de janeiro, Leslie Mann, Jemaine Clement, Carlos Saldanha
3 I prefer Tim Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark Shadows

1 Shakespeare in Love, The Usual Suspects, When Harry Met Sally..., Analyze This, Strictly Ballroom, The Spanish Prisoner, and Flight of the Navigator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clueless
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jane Austen, Paul Rudd, Brittany Murphy, Alicia Silverstone, Amy Heckerling
3 I like Jennifer Aniston movies more. Do you know anything else?	Picture Perfect

1 American Beauty, Goodfellas, A Fistful of Dollars, A Clockwork Orange, Once Were Warriors, Fargo, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a shark movie.	Jaws
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Mark Atkins movies. Any other suggestions?	Sand Sharks

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, Singin' in the Rain, Cookie's Fortune, My Own Private Idaho, L.A. Confidential, Bonnie and Clyde, and Tampopo and loved them. I'm looking for a r movie.	State and Main
2 What else is that about?	r, Philip Seymour Hoffman, David Mamet, Sarah Jessica Parker, Julia Stiles, Alec Baldwin, William H. Macy
3 I rate south africa movies. Any other suggestions?	Blood Diamond

1 I like Lawrence of Arabia, Midnight, Howards End, The Shawshank Redemption, The Ox-Bow Incident, Gone with the Wind, and City Lights. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Tess
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Roman Polanski, Thomas Hardy
3 I like Edward G. Robinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Caesar

1 I liked Aliens, Little Shop of Horrors, Iron Eagle, Alien, Total Recall, Highlander, and Swamp Thing. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Cat from Outer Space
2 Who does that star?	Roddy McDowall, Harry Morgan, Ken Berry, Sandy Duncan
3 I prefer Cloris Leachman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Herbie Goes Bananas

1 Grumpier Old Men, Mr. Holland's Opus, Sgt. Bilko, Ransom, The Rock, Fear, and Independence Day are movies I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Last Dance
2 Who does that star?	Sharon Stone, Randy Quaid, Peter Gallagher, Rob Morrow
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, Fried Green Tomatoes, It Happened One Night, It's a Wonderful Life, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The African Queen, and The Godfather are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Analyze This
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I like Sophie Barthes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cold Souls

1 The Sting, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Notorious, Laura, Chinatown, Double Indemnity, and American Beauty are films I liked. I'm looking for a John Frankenheimer movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I like Jean Reno movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ronin

1 I watched the films Dead Poets Society, Good Will Hunting, Men in Black, Mr. Holland's Opus, It's a Wonderful Life, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and The Sixth Sense and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Spider-Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I like Isaac Florentine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bridge of Dragons

1 I really like Armageddon, The Wedding Singer, Ocean's Eleven, Billy Madison, The Green Mile, Happy Gilmore, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mallrats
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I prefer Neil Jordan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Spirits

1 I liked A Christmas Carol, Aladdin, White Christmas, Beauty and the Beast, You Can't Take It With You, The Prestige, and The Muppet Christmas Carol. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry
2 Who is that directed by?	Rich Christiano

1 The Usual Suspects, Reservoir Dogs, A Shot in the Dark, The Godfather, Blade Runner, Raging Bull, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bottle Rocket
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I like Lemuel Ayers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ziegfeld Follies

1 I love Emma, Forrest Gump, Sense and Sensibility, Dances with Wolves, Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I rate Winona Ryder movies. Any other suggestions?	The Age of Innocence

1 I loved Circle of Friends, Beauty and the Beast, The Shawshank Redemption, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I rate Irwin Winkler movies. Any other suggestions?	The Net

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Sleepless in Seattle. I'm looking for a Lawrence Kasdan movie.	French Kiss
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, france, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Kevin Kline, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer suicide movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Chill

1 I loved Reservoir Dogs, Ronin, Saving Private Ryan, The Third Man, Mad Max, Lone Star, and Blue Collar. I'm looking for a Joseph Ruben movie.	Return to Paradise
2 What else is that about?	Joaquin Phoenix, Joseph Ruben
3 I like Ian McEwan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Good Son

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, Ocean's Eleven, and Vanilla Sky are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a William Dieterle movie.	A Midsummer Night's Dream
2 Who is that directed by?	William Dieterle, Max Reinhardt
3 I like George Cukor movies more. Do you know anything else?	I'll Be Seeing You

1 True Lies, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, The Lion King, Leaving Las Vegas, In the Line of Fire, and Speed are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Home Alone
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, christmas, Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Chris Columbus, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Heard
3 I rate Christina Ricci movies. Any other suggestions?	Speed Racer

1 Jurassic Park, The Princess Bride, Central Station, Being John Malkovich, Fight Club, There's Something About Mary, and Babe are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I like Mark Steven Johnson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Simon Birch

1 Alien, The 13th Warrior, Pulp Fiction, Man on Fire, The Silence of the Lambs, The Bourne Identity, and Independence Day are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Wild Bill
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges, Diane Lane, John Hurt, Ellen Barkin
3 I like Anthony Quinn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ox-Bow Incident

1 High Plains Drifter, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Bringing Up Baby, Dave, Wag the Dog, The Exorcist, and Blade Runner are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Diner
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson, baltimore
3 I prefer Dianne Wiest movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Parenthood

1 Rushmore, Muriel's Wedding, You Can Count on Me, A Fish Called Wanda, Schindler's List, Strictly Ballroom, and Shall We Dance? are films I really like. I'm looking for a Cuba movie.	Strawberry and Chocolate
2 What else is that about?	Cuba
3 I rate Alec Guinness movies. Any other suggestions?	Our Man in Havana

1 I liked Heathers, Witness, Braveheart, Stand by Me, Grosse Pointe Blank, On Golden Pond, and Fargo. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Rebel Without a Cause
2 Who does that star?	James Dean
3 I prefer Faye Dunaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chinatown

1 I loved Elizabeth, Schindler's List, Watership Down, Miracle on 34th Street, Mystery, Alaska, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and The Others. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	About a Boy
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Weitz, Paul Weitz
3 I like Jeff Garlin movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, 21 Grams, Crash, Apocalypse Now, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Groundhog Day, and Lost Highway are movies I love. I'm looking for a murder movie.	A Short Film About Killing
2 What else is that about?	murder, Short
3 I prefer Camp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Friday the 13th

1 Scarface, In the Name of the Father, Her, Persona, Full Metal Jacket, Husbands and Wives, and American History X are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Holy Motors
2 What else is that about?	Leos Carax
3 I rate Lasse Hallström movies. Any other suggestions?	What's Eating Gilbert Grape

1 Bonnie and Clyde, Go, Psycho, The Other Sister, Ronin, Eyes Wide Shut, and RoboCop are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer College movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pitch Perfect

1 Reservoir Dogs, Almost Famous, My Fair Lady, The Game, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Exorcist are movies I like. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	The Sting
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I rate Stanley Kubrick movies. Any other suggestions?	A Clockwork Orange

1 I loved Forrest Gump, Bowfinger, Fight Club, The Untouchables, Ocean's Twelve, Sling Blade, and Clerks. I'm looking for a fraternity movie.	Old School
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Sylvain White movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stomp the Yard

1 The Straight Story, Chinatown, Seven Samurai, The Maltese Falcon, Casablanca, Central Station, and Deliverance are movies I really like. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Kagemusha
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa
3 I prefer Kazuo Ikehiro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Zatoichi's Flashing Sword

1 I loved Congo, Executive Decision, The American President, Grumpier Old Men, Get on the Bus, Dear God, and It's My Party. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Double Team
2 What else is that about?	tsui hark
3 I prefer Mick Jackson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Clean Slate

1 Das Boot, The Godfather, Saving Private Ryan, Forrest Gump, and The Thin Red Line are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Platoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I prefer Samuel Maoz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lebanon

1 Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Unforgiven, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Princess Bride, and Hoop Dreams are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	The Crying Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Jordan

1 I really liked Memento, The Princess Bride, Henry V, The Sound of Music, The Color Purple, Sneakers, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Dead Zone
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Stephen King, Christopher Walken, David Cronenberg, Herbert Lom, cronenberg
3 I like Bradley Cooper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Midnight Meat Train

1 Avatar, Bloodsport, The Sixth Sense, Natural Born Killers, Dune, Slumdog Millionaire, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Red Dragon
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, r, remake, Edward Norton, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Anthony Hopkins, Ralph Fiennes, fbi, hannibal lecter, Harvey Keitel, Emily Watson, Brett Ratner
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Son of No One

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Rear Window, The Shining, Nosferatu, Sense and Sensibility, In the Name of the Father, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Land and Freedom
2 What else is that about?	spanish civil war, Ken Loach
3 I prefer propaganda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Battle of Britain

1 Clueless, Contact, Moulin Rouge!, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Water Lilies, Rocket Science, and Who Killed the Electric Car? are films I liked. I'm looking for an Alexis Bledel movie.	The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2
2 Who does that star?	Alexis Bledel, America Ferrera, Amber Tamblyn, Blake Lively
3 I like Jessica Alba movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sin City

1 Citizen Kane, MASH, My Man Godfrey, From Here to Eternity, The Maltese Falcon, Guys and Dolls, and Beautiful Thing are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Stalag 17
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder
3 I like Frank Capra movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Battle of Britain

1 The Third Man, Say Anything..., Fargo, Apocalypse Now, Pulp Fiction, King Kong, and The Man with the Golden Gun are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Bull Durham
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Shelton
3 I prefer Michael Ritchie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Semi-Tough

1 Akira, Taxi Driver, A Fistful of Dollars, Blade Runner, Citizen Kane, The Blues Brothers, and Dolls are movies I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Robert Wiene
3 I like blaxploitation movies more. Do you know anything else?	Foxy Brown

1 Apollo 13, Sense and Sensibility, Do the Right Thing, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Young Frankenstein, Raising Arizona, and Dead Man Walking are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Stanley Tucci, Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Tony Shalhoub, Campbell Scott
3 I rate Max Ophüls movies. Any other suggestions?	Le Plaisir

1 I love Rashomon, Crimson Tide, Heat, Schindler's List, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Third Man, and Thirteen Days. I'm looking for a noir movie.	The Man Who Wasn't There
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, noir, Billy Bob Thornton, Frances McDormand, James Gandolfini
3 I prefer mobster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pulp Fiction

1 True Romance, The Shawshank Redemption, Clerks, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I like Adventure movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Jewel of the Nile

1 Little Miss Sunshine, Night of the Living Dead, The Boondock Saints, Battle Royale, Gladiator, Seven Samurai, and Akira are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Thumbsucker
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Mills
3 I prefer Gustavo Loza movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	La otra familia

1 George Washington, Bringing Out the Dead, Buffalo '66, Vampire's Kiss, Cruising, Fitzcarraldo, and Aguirre, the Wrath of God are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	River's Edge
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper
3 I rate Ingmar Bergman movies. Any other suggestions?	Face to Face

1 I like Gattaca, Amistad, Shakespeare in Love, The House of the Spirits, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, A Time to Kill, and The Little Mermaid. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Prince of Egypt
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, Michelle Pfeiffer
3 I prefer Chris Sullivan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Consuming Spirits

1 I love Heat, Ghostbusters, Donnie Darko, The Others, The Fast and the Furious, The Bourne Identity, and Unbreakable. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Ultimatum
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon
3 I rate Sylvester Stallone movies. Any other suggestions?	Death Race 2000

1 I really like Fight Club, A Fish Called Wanda, As Good as It Gets, The Great Escape, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Almost Famous, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	My Best Friend's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, wedding, Rupert Everett, Dermot Mulroney
3 I prefer Ang Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Banquet

1 I like Hoop Dreams, Night on Earth, Shall We Dance?, Crooklyn, The Man Who Would Be King, A Close Shave, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Wings of the Dove
2 Who does that star?	Helena Bonham Carter, Linus Roache
3 I like Daniel Brühl movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rush

1 I like Fargo, Trading Places, A Clockwork Orange, The War of the Worlds, A Fish Called Wanda, Blade Runner, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I like Michael Mann movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miami Vice

1 Pulp Fiction, Fargo, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eye of God

1 Magnolia, The Fly, Summer of Sam, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Scarface, Heavenly Creatures, and Carrie are movies I love. I'm looking for a Joe Dante movie.	The 'Burbs
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Carrie Fisher, Bruce Dern, Rick Ducommun
3 I rate Kevin McCarthy movies. Any other suggestions?	Piranha

1 Chungking Express, Pulp Fiction, The Wrong Trousers, The Remains of the Day, The Magnificent Ambersons, Fargo, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Rules of the Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Jean Renoir
3 I like John V. Knowles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chastity Bites

1 I loved Shine, Whale Rider, Awakenings, The Madness of King George, Milk, Moon, and A Bug's Life. I'm looking for a china movie.	Raise the Red Lantern
2 What else is that about?	china, 1920s, Chinese, zhang yimou, gong li
3 I like han dynasty movies more. Do you know anything else?	Red Cliff

1 I loved L.A. Confidential, Back to the Future Part II, Wyatt Earp, Good Morning, Vietnam, Awakenings, Total Recall, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Matt Dillon movie.	Beautiful Girls
2 Who is that directed by?	Ted Demme
3 I like Cameron Crowe movies more. Do you know anything else?	Singles

1 Spartacus, The Matrix, Groundhog Day, Ruthless People, Being There, Do the Right Thing, and Young Frankenstein are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Seems Like Old Times
2 What else is that about?	fugitive, Neil Simon
3 I like Lloyd Bacon movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Slight Case of Murder

1 I really like Jerry Maguire, How to Marry a Millionaire, True Crime, Betrayed, Field of Dreams, Beverly Hills Cop, and White Christmas. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Bedroom Window
2 Who does that star?	Steve Guttenberg, Isabelle Huppert, Elizabeth McGovern
3 I rate Eric Balfour movies. Any other suggestions?	Skyline

1 I watched the films Home Alone, Top Gun, Braveheart, In the Name of the Father, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Firm, and The Silence of the Lambs and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I prefer Andrew Stanton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Finding Nemo

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Office Space, Infernal Affairs, The Dark Knight, The Legend of 1900, City Slickers, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cdon movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly

1 I loved Shrek, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Hunt for Red October, As Good as It Gets, Goodfellas, and Evil Dead II. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I rate Lee Sholem movies. Any other suggestions?	The Redhead from Wyoming

1 Midnight Run, Magnolia, Dances with Wolves, A Christmas Story, Full Metal Jacket, The Green Mile, and The Princess Bride are movies I really like. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The French Connection
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I rate Vincente Minnelli movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bad and the Beautiful

1 The Matrix, Forrest Gump, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Goldfinger, Saving Private Ryan, The Fugitive, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I like Michael Ealy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Takers

1 I like Legends of the Fall, Braveheart, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Taxi Driver movie.	Taxi Driver
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I rate Michael Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Collateral

1 Inception, District 9, City of God, The Dark Knight, Transformers, Django Unchained, and The Fighter are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who does that star?	François Cluzet, Omar Sy
3 I rate Nicolas Cage movies. Any other suggestions?	Racing with the Moon

1 The Usual Suspects, Dances with Wolves, The Green Mile, Rob Roy, L.A. Confidential, A Few Good Men, and Ben-Hur are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Lethal Weapon 3
2 What else is that about?	Action, Mel Gibson, series, Richard Donner
3 I like Jet Li movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lethal Weapon 4

1 I really like Yojimbo, Airplane!, Ghostbusters, Henry V, Night of the Living Dead, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, and Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Monica Bellucci movie.	The Apartment
2 What else is that about?	Monica Bellucci
3 I prefer Clive Owen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shoot 'Em Up

1 Superbad, Malcolm X, Scarface, Dogtown and Z-Boys, The Bourne Ultimatum, A Bronx Tale, and The Killing Fields are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jim Jarmusch movie.	Coffee and Cigarettes
2 What else is that about?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I prefer Tom Hiddleston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Only Lovers Left Alive

1 I like The Breakfast Club, Being John Malkovich, Little Big Man, A Grand Day Out, Rain Man, Jaws, and The Quiet Man. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Peter Pan
2 Who does that star?	Kathryn Beaumont, Bill Thompson
3 I prefer Gary Cooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Unconquered

1 The Breakfast Club, The Godfather, Moonstruck, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Midnight Run, Heathers, and Raising Arizona are films I loved. I'm looking for a Jim Jarmusch movie.	Stranger Than Paradise
2 What else is that about?	deadpan, Jim Jarmusch
3 I rate Roberto Benigni movies. Any other suggestions?	Down by Law

1 White Squall and Fargo are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I like Nicollette Sheridan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spy Hard

1 Blade Runner, Good Will Hunting, The Departed, The Boondock Saints, The Dark Knight, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and The Hangover are movies I really like. I'm looking for an I Am Legend movie.	I Am Legend
2 What else is that about?	Horror, new york city, Will Smith, Virus, Mutants, last man on earth, Richard Matheson, matheson, I Am Legend, Francis Lawrence
3 I prefer Vincent Price movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Man on Earth

1 I love Mrs. Doubtfire, While You Were Sleeping, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Kenneth Branagh
3 I prefer Stephen Moyer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Barrens

1 I loved Titanic, Mulan, Atonement, Big Fish, The Dark Knight, Corpse Bride, and V for Vendetta. I'm looking for a Robert Louis Stevenson movie.	Treasure Planet
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I like Brian Henson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Muppet Treasure Island

1 The Killing Fields, Young Frankenstein, The Princess Bride, Forrest Gump, Duck Soup, Apocalypse Now, and Escape from New York are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried
3 I rate Judy Holliday movies. Any other suggestions?	Bells Are Ringing

1 Birdy, Brazil, Delicatessen, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, A Clockwork Orange, On the Waterfront, and The Graduate are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Emily Watson movie.	Breaking the Waves
2 What else is that about?	Love, Lars von Trier, Emily Watson
3 I like Taye Diggs movies more. Do you know anything else?	Equilibrium

1 Passion Fish, Patch Adams, Beauty and the Beast, Fallen, Mrs. Winterbourne, Swimming with Sharks, and Die Hard 2 are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Burglar
2 Who is that directed by?	Hugh Wilson
3 I like Blake Edwards movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man Who Loved Women

1 Lake Placid, Twister, U.S. Marshals, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Adventures in Babysitting, and Deep Rising are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Runaway Bride
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Richard Gere
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	You've Got Mail

1 I loved Psycho, The Matrix, Alien, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Terminator, Dracula, and Jumanji. I'm looking for a Frankenstein movie.	Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Short, Frankenstein
3 I like Cloris Leachman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Young Frankenstein

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Matrix, The Man from Earth, The Wolf of Wall Street, Fight Club, The Dark Knight, and Pulp Fiction are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Aakrosh
2 Who does that star?	Akshaye Khanna, Bipasha Basu
3 I rate Jeff Speakman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Expert

1 I love Lord of the Flies, Being John Malkovich, That Thing You Do!, Murder by Death, The Seven Year Itch, Run Lola Run, and Jean de Florette. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Six Degrees of Separation
2 Who does that star?	Stockard Channing
3 I rate Yvan Attal movies. Any other suggestions?	My Wife Is an Actress

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, and Pretty Woman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I prefer Norman Mailer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tough Guys Don't Dance

1 Volver, Raging Bull, Lolita, Y Tu Mamá También, The Passenger, 8½, and The Wizard of Oz are films I loved. I'm looking for an Irene Dunne movie.	My Favorite Wife
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Randolph Scott, Irene Dunne, Gail Patrick
3 I rate Fred Astaire movies. Any other suggestions?	Roberta

1 I really like Sophie's Choice, Jaws, The Man Who Would Be King, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Local Hero, Strictly Ballroom, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Return to Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Bonnie Hunt
3 I rate Russ Meyer movies. Any other suggestions?	Lorna

1 I love American Beauty, Sweet November, The Majestic, Shrek, Ghost, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Blair Witch Project. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Epic, animated, Wizards, tolkien, high fantasy, adaptation, rotoscoping, hobbits, lord of the rings, Ralph Bakshi
3 I prefer nudity movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heavy Metal

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Glengarry Glen Ross, Double Indemnity, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, On the Waterfront, and Three Kings are films I loved. I'm looking for a Shannon Elizabeth movie.	American Pie
2 Who does that star?	Jason Biggs, Chris Klein, Alyson Hannigan, Thomas Ian Nicholas
3 I prefer Shannon Elizabeth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night of the Demons

1 I loved The Lion King, True Lies, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, The Firm, and Dave. I'm looking for a Joel Schumacher movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Susan Sarandon movies. Any other suggestions?	The Client

1 Apocalypse Now, Gladiator, Diner, The Wizard of Oz, Shakespeare in Love, Ghostbusters, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a prehistoric movie.	The Clan of the Cave Bear
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Chapman
3 I prefer Roland Emmerich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	10,000 BC

1 I like Little Women, Dances with Wolves, Mrs. Doubtfire, Clear and Present Danger, Outbreak, Demolition Man, and Maverick. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Casper
2 What else is that about?	Family, ghosts, Christina Ricci, Ghost, Eric Idle
3 I prefer dog movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Old Yeller

1 Revenge of the Pink Panther, No Country for Old Men, Brazil, A Grand Day Out, The Last King of Scotland, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, and Rear Window are films I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Melvin Goes to Dinner
2 Who does that star?	Annabelle Gurwitch, Matt Price, Michael Blieden, Stephanie Courtney
3 I like Javier Bardem movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Country for Old Men

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Fantasia, Back to the Future Part III, Rush Hour, Ghostbusters, The Princess Bride, and 10 Things I Hate About You are films I love. I'm looking for a Wes Craven movie.	Shocker
2 What else is that about?	Wes Craven
3 I prefer Rose McGowan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scream

1 Shakespeare in Love, The Blair Witch Project, My Man Godfrey, Mary Poppins, The Wizard of Oz, Real Genius, and Cool Hand Luke are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	In the Bedroom
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Todd Field
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Front

1 Man on Fire, Children of Men, Lawrence of Arabia, The Hangover, Inception, Last Night, and Forrest Gump are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Kirby Dick movie.	This Film Is Not Yet Rated
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, hollywood, Kirby Dick, mpaa
3 I rate military movies. Any other suggestions?	The Invisible War

1 Breaking Away, Leaving Las Vegas, The Usual Suspects, The French Connection, Waiting for Guffman, The Shawshank Redemption, and Groundhog Day are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Out of Sight
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Jennifer Lopez
3 I like Adam Carolla movies more. Do you know anything else?	Road Hard

1 Boyhood, Good Will Hunting, Casablanca, Rain Man, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a father movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, own, Italian, foreign, foreign language, tragic, Roberto Benigni, father

1 A Night at the Roxbury, Wayne's World, Zoolander, The Prestige, The Transporter, ¡Three Amigos!, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Peter Jackson movie.	District 9
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Peter Jackson, segregation, apartheid, xenophobia, Sharlto Copley, Neill Blomkamp, social segregation
3 I like puppets movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet the Feebles

1 I watched the films Forrest Gump, The Incredibles, Inception, V for Vendetta, Moulin Rouge!, American Beauty, and Apollo 13 and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I like harlem movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cotton Comes to Harlem

1 I like The Princess Bride, Mary Poppins, Annie Hall, Little Shop of Horrors, My Cousin Vinny, Galaxy Quest, and Patch Adams. I'm looking for a Danny Glover movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate Francis Ford Coppola movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rainmaker

1 Toy Story, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for a psychiatrist movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I like directorial debut movies more. Do you know anything else?	Antwone Fisher

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Notebook, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Titanic, Forrest Gump, and Maid in Manhattan are films I loved. I'm looking for a reboot movie.	The Amazing Spider-Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Marc Webb
3 I like Rupert Wyatt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rise of the Planet of the Apes

1 Aliens, American Beauty, From Russia with Love, The Untouchables, Alien, An American Werewolf in London, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really like. I'm looking for a James Mason movie.	The Verdict
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I prefer Joseph L. Mankiewicz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Julius Caesar

1 Blazing Saddles, Rocky, Forrest Gump, Cool Hand Luke, Jeremiah Johnson, Aliens, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	The Alamo
2 What else is that about?	John Wayne
3 I prefer Don Siegel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shootist

1 I love Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Big Lebowski, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Apocalypse Now, Delicatessen, The Science of Sleep, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The Count of Monte Cristo
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Vernay
3 I like William A. Graham movies more. Do you know anything else?	Return to the Blue Lagoon

1 Hotel Rwanda, American Beauty, The Fifth Element, District 9, Fatal Attraction, The Terminator, and Donnie Darko are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part II
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hugo

1 The Princess Bride, Casablanca, Office Space, Goldfinger, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Gattaca, and Aliens are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Adventures of Robin Hood
2 Who does that star?	Claude Rains, Basil Rathbone, Olivia de Havilland, Errol Flynn
3 I rate Kathryn Beaumont movies. Any other suggestions?	Peter Pan

1 Legally Blonde, The Frighteners, Romeo Must Die, Rushmore, Easy Rider, Short Cuts, and Raise the Red Lantern are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Juliette Lewis movie.	Kalifornia
2 Who is that directed by?	Dominic Sena
3 I like Garry Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Other Sister

1 Casablanca, A Streetcar Named Desire, Some Like It Hot, Midnight Cowboy, To Kill a Mockingbird, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Maltese Falcon are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I prefer Janet Landgard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Swimmer

1 The Usual Suspects, Alien, The Maltese Falcon, My Left Foot, Mars Attacks!, Cinema Paradiso, and Brazil are films I really liked. I'm looking for a mockumentary movie.	Bob Roberts
2 What else is that about?	mockumentary, Tim Robbins
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Take the Money and Run

1 I Know What You Did Last Summer, Sense and Sensibility, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The American President, Emma, The Wild Bunch, and The Wizard of Oz are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert De Niro
3 I rate Lance Daly movies. Any other suggestions?	Kisses

1 Life Is Beautiful, Fantasia, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Newsies, Sleeping Beauty, The Lion King, and Muppets from Space are films I like. I'm looking for a muppets movie.	The Muppet Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	christmas, Michael Caine, muppets, Charles Dickens, Jim Henson
3 I like cameos movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppet Movie

1 Seven Samurai, The Sweet Hereafter, In the Mood for Love, Annie Hall, Rashomon, Mulholland Drive, and Trainspotting are films I love. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Talk to Her
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar
3 I like Alfonso Cuarón movies more. Do you know anything else?	Y Tu Mamá También

1 A Beautiful Mind, The Usual Suspects, House of Flying Daggers, Pan's Labyrinth, Gravity, Schindler's List, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Into the Wild
2 Who is that directed by?	Sean Penn
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bringing Out the Dead

1 I liked Cube, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Falling Down, The Blair Witch Project, Planet of the Apes, Good Will Hunting, and Scent of a Woman. I'm looking for a Jason Lee movie.	Chasing Amy
2 Who does that star?	Jason Lee
3 I rate Leslie Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Stealing Harvard

1 Rear Window, Fargo, Mary Poppins, The Sound of Music, Sleepless in Seattle, Toy Story 2, and Suspicion are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gaslight
2 Who is that directed by?	Thorold Dickinson
3 I rate Kevin Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Land That Time Forgot

1 I watched the films Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Terminator, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Toy Story, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind and loved them. I'm looking for a lone hero movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane

1 I really like Memento, The Usual Suspects, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sixth Sense, My Fair Lady, Braveheart, and Lone Star. I'm looking for a Gandhi movie.	Gandhi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, own, india, biographical, Ben Kingsley, Richard Attenborough, Gandhi
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gandhi

1 I loved Wings of Desire, The Conversation, Fargo, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Interiors, Bonnie and Clyde, and Runaway Train. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	U Turn
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn, Joaquin Phoenix, Oliver Stone, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I prefer Brad Pitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tree of Life

1 Avatar, The Thin Man, Braveheart, The Social Network, Hackers, Taken, and Sleepers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Last Boy Scout
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I like Francis Veber movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Closet

1 Fight Club, Amélie, 25th Hour, The Matrix, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, and The Graduate are movies I like. I'm looking for a rape movie.	American History X
2 What else is that about?	violence, Drama, Edward Norton, Prison, story, rape, brutal, Brothers, avi, nazi, Edward Furlong, Tony Kaye
3 I prefer William Holden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Satan Never Sleeps

1 The Prestige, Memento, The Mask, Forrest Gump, Fight Club, Inception, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fifth Element
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, Milla Jovovich, Luc Besson, ok, milla
3 I like jerry goldsmith movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sum of All Fears

1 Juno, American Gangster, Aliens, Scent of a Woman, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Seven Samurai, and Rear Window are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bad Santa
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, christmas, Billy Bob Thornton, Lauren Graham, Terry Zwigoff, Bernie Mac, John Ritter
3 I prefer penguin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Surf's Up

1 Titanic, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Longest Yard, The Evil Dead, Wyatt Earp, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, and Driving Miss Daisy are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Carpenter movie.	Starman
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Bridges, John Carpenter
3 I prefer New York movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Escape from New York

1 Clockers, Sabrina, Speed, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, The Age of Innocence, Outbreak, and The Man Without a Face are films I really like. I'm looking for a Brooklyn movie.	Crooklyn
2 What else is that about?	Brooklyn
3 I prefer new york city movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shortbus

1 Batman, Life Is Beautiful, Amélie, Catch Me If You Can, A Clockwork Orange, The Cabin in the Woods, and The Breakfast Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I like Vin Diesel movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Iron Giant

1 I love Aladdin, Braveheart, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Speed, The Fugitive, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for a military movie.	Outbreak
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, military, disease, Wolfgang Petersen
3 I prefer Antoine Fuqua movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shooter

1 Casablanca, The Best Years of Our Lives, North by Northwest, Laura, Working Girl, Gods and Monsters, and The Madness of King George are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Burnt by the Sun
2 Who is that directed by?	Nikita Mikhalkov
3 I like Steven Spielberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Empire of the Sun

1 The Dark Knight, Pan's Labyrinth, Fight Club, Serenity, Let the Right One In, Django Unchained, and Gladiator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a jupiter movie.	Europa Report
2 What else is that about?	found footage, jupiter

1 Fantasia, The Right Stuff, The Godfather, Little Big Man, Toy Story, The Wizard of Oz, and Toy Story 2 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, italy, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, spain, bad, f, spaghetti, dollars trilogy
3 I like violence movies more. Do you know anything else?	Django Unchained

1 The Winslow Boy, He Got Game, The Hunt for Red October, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Jerry Maguire, True Romance, and Lone Star are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Winterbottom movie.	Welcome to Sarajevo
2 What else is that about?	War, Michael Winterbottom
3 I like soundtrack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Code 46

1 On Golden Pond, Jumanji, Thinner, The Sound of Music, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Sting, and Alice in Wonderland are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Barbra Streisand movie.	The Mirror Has Two Faces
2 What else is that about?	Barbra Streisand
3 I rate Seth Rogen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Guilt Trip

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Wayne's World, Closer, The Shawshank Redemption, Rain Man, Jurassic Park, and Pleasantville. I'm looking for a british movie.	Layer Cake
2 What else is that about?	r, british, directorial debut, Matthew Vaughn
3 I like Biography movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Duchess

1 The Incredibles, The Truman Show, The Sound of Music, Monsters, Inc., My Neighbor Totoro, Finding Nemo, and Fiddler on the Roof are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cars
2 Who does that star?	Owen Wilson, Bonnie Hunt, Paul Newman, Larry the Cable Guy
3 I rate Macaulay Culkin movies. Any other suggestions?	Home Alone

1 Schindler's List, The Usual Suspects, When Harry Met Sally..., Cast Away, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Patton, and Witness are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gardens of Stone
2 What else is that about?	Francis Ford Coppola, Anjelica Huston, James Caan, James Earl Jones
3 I like Edward Norton movies more. Do you know anything else?	American History X

1 Short Cuts, L.A. Confidential, Rushmore, The Player, Edward Scissorhands, The Insider, and Apollo 13 are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Alicia Silverstone movie.	Clueless
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like Marco Brambilla movies more. Do you know anything else?	Excess Baggage

1 High Fidelity, Vertigo, Lost in Translation, Office Space, Shaun of the Dead, Finding Nemo, and Being John Malkovich are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shrek 2
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Eddie Murphy, Mike Myers, Julie Andrews
3 I rate Anjelica Huston movies. Any other suggestions?	Material Girls

1 I love The Wolf of Wall Street, Star Trek, Her, A Clockwork Orange, Lincoln, The Lego Movie, and Inception. I'm looking for an Andy Serkis movie.	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
2 Who does that star?	Gary Oldman, Jason Clarke, Andy Serkis, Keri Russell
3 I like Jamie Bell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Tintin

1 I like The Nightmare Before Christmas, Get Shorty, Natural Born Killers, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, and Carlito's Way. I'm looking for a Roger Avary movie.	Killing Zoe
2 Who does that star?	Julie Delpy, Eric Stoltz
3 I like Anthony Hopkins movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beowulf

1 I liked Pretty Woman, When Harry Met Sally..., National Lampoon's Vacation, Bridget Jones's Diary, Dances with Wolves, Annie Hall, and The Graduate. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Color of Money

1 Dances with Wolves, Doctor Zhivago, Titanic, The Birdcage, The Green Mile, The Hurricane, and Pinocchio are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Morgan Freeman, dvd, acting, Prison, Stephen King, vhs, redemption, Tim Robbins, warm, Frank Darabont, Rita Hayworth
3 I like Ang Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taking Woodstock

1 I loved Raise the Red Lantern, The Madness of King George, What Dreams May Come, Sophie's Choice, The Last Emperor, Phenomenon, and Tender Mercies. I'm looking for a John Irvin movie.	Widows' Peak
2 What else is that about?	John Irvin
3 I rate Tom Berenger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dogs of War

1 American Beauty, The Hustler, Duck Soup, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Total Recall, Being John Malkovich, and Memento are films I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Name of the Rose
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery, medieval, book, Christian Slater, eco, Umberto Eco
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	The General's Daughter

1 I like Toy Story 2, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Tarzan, The Exorcist, Princess Mononoke, October Sky, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a John Lithgow movie.	2010
2 Who does that star?	John Lithgow, Helen Mirren, Roy Scheider, Bob Balaban
3 I like Peter Sarsgaard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kinsey

1 Walk the Line, Goodfellas, Superbad, RocknRolla, Pineapple Express, The Blues Brothers, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Talia Shire movie.	Rocky V
2 Who is that directed by?	John G. Avildsen
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rocky II

1 The Matrix, Rocky, Highlander, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Braveheart, The Godfather, and Rush Hour 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Game of Death
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Clouse, Bruce Lee
3 I rate David Mamet movies. Any other suggestions?	Redbelt

1 Die Hard, Four Weddings and a Funeral, True Lies, Mary Poppins, The Terminator, In the Line of Fire, and The Princess Bride are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 Who does that star?	Peter Coyote, Henry Thomas, Dee Wallace, Robert MacNaughton
3 I prefer Nigel Hawthorne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Amistad

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, The Big Country, A Man for All Seasons, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Men in Black, The Shining, and Ran are films I loved. I'm looking for a Frank Sinatra movie.	Von Ryan's Express
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Frank Sinatra, Trevor Howard, Mark Robson
3 I rate Vincente Minnelli movies. Any other suggestions?	Some Came Running

1 The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys, City of Angels, Fly Away Home, Schindler's List, A Prairie Home Companion, A Beautiful Mind, and Bowling for Columbine are movies I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Maze
2 Who does that star?	Laura Linney, Craig Sheffer, Rob Morrow
3 I prefer John Wayne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tycoon

1 I loved Ed Wood, L.A. Confidential, Groundhog Day, Shakespeare in Love, True Romance, Fargo, and Clerks. I'm looking for a 2 movie.	Rushmore
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I like Ridley Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blade Runner

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Barney's Version, Memento, The Apostle, Jackass 3D, In the Bedroom, and WarGames are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Two Jakes
2 What else is that about?	sequel, Jack Nicholson
3 I like Kyle MacLachlan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Velvet

1 American Beauty, Ghostbusters, The Godfather, The Matrix, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Amélie, and Tombstone are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Animal House
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I rate Johan Kling movies. Any other suggestions?	Trust Me

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Rain Man, L.A. Confidential, Bonnie and Clyde, Blade Runner, Good Will Hunting, and The Killing Fields are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Touch of Evil
2 Who does that star?	Janet Leigh, Charlton Heston, Orson Welles, Joseph Calleia
3 I prefer Val Kilmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Real McCoy

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Alien, 12 Angry Men, Zoolander, Short Cuts, Platoon, and Changeling are films I loved. I'm looking for an Andy Lau movie.	House of Flying Daggers
2 Who does that star?	Andy Lau, Takeshi Kaneshiro
3 I prefer Maggie Cheung movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Days of Being Wild

1 Rear Window, Iron Man, Les Misérables, Shadow of a Doubt, Vertigo, Godzilla, and Sleepy Hollow are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Much
2 What else is that about?	Alfred Hitchcock, Peter Lorre
3 I prefer murder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Strangers on a Train

1 I really like Back to the Future Part II, The Blues Brothers, The Ring, Good Will Hunting, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Back to the Future Part III. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Bone Collector
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Denzel Washington, Angelina Jolie, detective, Phillip Noyce
3 I rate James Franco movies. Any other suggestions?	Sonny

1 Men in Black, Romeo + Juliet, My Best Friend's Wedding, Good Will Hunting, Saving Private Ryan, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pretty Woman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a basketball movie.	He Got Game
2 What else is that about?	sports, basketball
3 I like school movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hoop Dreams

1 Independence Day, True Lies, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Forrest Gump, Stand by Me, Caddyshack, and Jaws are movies I like. I'm looking for a military movie.	Black Hawk Down
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Eric Bana, Tom Sizemore, Josh Hartnett
3 I rate Debra Winger movies. Any other suggestions?	An Officer and a Gentleman

1 Ice Age, The Thomas Crown Affair, K-PAX, Powder, Blade, Titan A.E., and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I prefer criterion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ride with the Devil

1 Inherit the Wind, Rain Man, Men in Black, Forrest Gump, Scream, Lethal Weapon 4, and X-Men are films I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 Who does that star?	Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry, Barry Bostwick, Richard O'Brien
3 I rate Jessie Matthews movies. Any other suggestions?	First a Girl

1 Frequency, Misery, The Prophecy, Ghost, 15 Minutes, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Conspiracy Theory are movies I love. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Red Planet
2 What else is that about?	Val Kilmer
3 I rate Mira Sorvino movies. Any other suggestions?	At First Sight

1 Notorious, The Princess Bride, From Russia with Love, Seven Samurai, Blade Runner, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Princess Mononoke are movies I like. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Good Morning, Vietnam
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson

1 Old Yeller, The City of Lost Children, Lolita, The Exorcist, Atlantic City, Elizabeth, and The Full Monty are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Odd Couple
2 What else is that about?	Jack Lemmon, Neil Simon, Gene Saks
3 I like Werner Herzog movies more. Do you know anything else?	Even Dwarfs Started Small

1 Elizabeth, Angela's Ashes, The Princess Diaries, Jacob's Ladder, American Beauty, The Whole Nine Yards, and The Terminator are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Four Rooms
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell
3 I prefer Jon Turteltaub movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	While You Were Sleeping

1 Rain Man, Burnt by the Sun, The Lady Eve, Matewan, Awakenings, Fantasia, and One False Move are films I really like. I'm looking for a Blake Edwards movie.	Days of Wine and Roses
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Lee Remick, Charles Bickford, Jack Klugman
3 I rate Dudley Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	10

1 Leaving Las Vegas, A Close Shave, Schindler's List, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swingers
2 Who is that directed by?	Doug Liman
3 I rate Penny Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	The Preacher's Wife

1 L.A. Confidential, Hoop Dreams, Young Frankenstein, Airplane!, The Graduate, The Godfather, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ray Liotta movie.	Goodfellas
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I rate Martin Campbell movies. Any other suggestions?	No Escape

1 The Lady Eve, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Parent Trap, For a Few Dollars More, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, And Now for Something Completely Different, and The Three Faces of Eve are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Secret Window
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Johnny Depp, Stephen King, John Turturro, David Koepp
3 I rate story movies. Any other suggestions?	U.S. Marshals

1 Fight Club, Toy Story, A Clockwork Orange, Lost in Translation, The Game, American History X, and Memento are films I love. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	Men in Black
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, sequel, Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I prefer Sean Connery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen

1 Chinatown, The Big Sleep, and Lamerica are films I love. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Berkeley in the Sixties
2 What else is that about?	Documentary
3 I prefer Pier Paolo Pasolini movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love Meetings

1 The Sixth Sense, The Usual Suspects, Stand by Me, It's a Wonderful Life, Fight Club, Rushmore, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Happened One Night
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Romantic Comedy, screwball comedy, Frank Capra, screwball, best picture, Clark Gable, bus, Claudette Colbert
3 I rate Bradley Cooper movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hangover Part II

1 Moonrise Kingdom, Cinema Paradiso, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Inglourious Basterds, The Elephant Man, Up, and The Intouchables are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hugo
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Chloë Grace Moretz, Sacha Baron Cohen, Asa Butterfield
3 I prefer Dean Martin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Career

1 I like Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, West Side Story, Back to the Future, High Fidelity, The Big Lebowski, Clerks, and Clockwise. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Daytrippers
2 What else is that about?	Greg Mottola
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	The Million Dollar Hotel

1 Enemy of the State, Rocky, Dances with Wolves, Jerry Maguire, Notting Hill, An American Werewolf in London, and Sling Blade are films I loved. I'm looking for a spiders movie.	Arachnophobia
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Horror, Jeff Daniels, spiders, Frank Marshall

1 Stand by Me, The Ref, Caddyshack, Fargo, Little Voice, Stripes, and The Right Stuff are films I loved. I'm looking for an Airport movie.	Airport
2 What else is that about?	Airport, Burt Lancaster, Helen Hayes, Van Heflin
3 I like spielberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Terminal

1 I love Happy Gilmore, Dazed and Confused, Scrooged, Stigmata, Shakespeare in Love, Run Lola Run, and The NeverEnding Story. I'm looking for a Reese Witherspoon movie.	Cruel Intentions
2 Who does that star?	Reese Witherspoon, Selma Blair, Ryan Phillippe, Sarah Michelle Gellar
3 I rate Sissy Spacek movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Christmases

1 I like Saving Private Ryan, The Fugitive, Braveheart, Perfect Blue, The Hudsucker Proxy, The Sixth Sense, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Mulholland Drive
2 Who does that star?	Naomi Watts, Laura Harring
3 I rate Frank McHugh movies. Any other suggestions?	Mystery of the Wax Museum

1 The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, Dark City, Interstellar, Rosemary's Baby, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Inside Llewyn Davis
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen
3 I prefer István Szabó movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taking Sides

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Firm, Jurassic Park, Speed, Outbreak, While You Were Sleeping, and True Lies are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sally Field movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I prefer James Caan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kiss Me Goodbye

1 The Godfather, Taxi Driver, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Apocalypse Now are movies I like. I'm looking for a John McTiernan movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I rate Charles Dance movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Action Hero

1 True Lies, The Rock, The Net, A Family Thing, Eraser, While You Were Sleeping, and GoldenEye are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Executive Decision
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Baird
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crazy Mama

1 His Girl Friday, Notorious, The Thin Blue Line, North by Northwest, Pulp Fiction, The Sting, and Patton are movies I really like. I'm looking for an altman movie.	The Player
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins
3 I rate Elliott Gould movies. Any other suggestions?	California Split

1 I really liked The Silence of the Lambs, Stargate, The Lion King, True Lies, The Crow, The Fugitive, and Babe. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bad Boys
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn, Rick Rosenthal
3 I rate Mekhi Phifer movies. Any other suggestions?	Soul Food

1 I really like GoldenEye, The American President, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Maverick, Crimson Tide, Schindler's List, and Don Juan DeMarco. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I like Donald Sutherland movies more. Do you know anything else?	Space Cowboys

1 The Mask, The Rock, Grumpier Old Men, Executive Decision, Forrest Gump, Jurassic Park, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jim Abrahams movie.	Hot Shots! Part Deux
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Abrahams
3 I rate David Zucker movies. Any other suggestions?	Airplane!

1 Boys Don't Cry, No Country for Old Men, Shine, Donnie Darko, Fight Club, Breaking the Waves, and Maria Full of Grace are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sam Rockwell movie.	Matchstick Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Nicolas Cage, Ridley Scott, Sam Rockwell, Alison Lohman
3 I like Gwyneth Paltrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Iron Man 2

1 Crimson Tide, Jurassic Park, A Thin Line Between Love and Hate, Assassins, The Rock, Outbreak, and First Knight are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Bad Company
2 What else is that about?	Thriller
3 I rate Billy Dee Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	Nighthawks

1 Eyes Wide Shut, U-571, Dogma, Return to Me, Hamlet, American Psycho, and 28 Days are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	End of Days
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Kevin Pollak, Robin Tunney
3 I rate Robin Wright movies. Any other suggestions?	Beowulf

1 The Straight Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Brazil, Amélie, Taxi Driver, Big Fish, and Being John Malkovich are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Squid and the Whale
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, New York, Divorce, Brooklyn, museum, Noah Baumbach
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Carne

1 I really like The Virgin Suicides, Bad Taste, The Thing, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The Others, Batman Returns, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Witchfinder General
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Vincent Price, Edgar Allan Poe
3 I rate franchise movies. Any other suggestions?	Jaws 2

1 The Piano, Strictly Ballroom, Little Women, Forrest Gump, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Seven Samurai, and The Wizard of Oz are films I really like. I'm looking for a Monica Bellucci movie.	The Apartment
2 What else is that about?	Monica Bellucci
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	The Brothers Grimm

1 Delicatessen, North by Northwest, Ocean's Eleven, Toy Story, Back to the Future, Citizen Kane, and High Fidelity are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lives of Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
3 I like Gary Lundgren movies more. Do you know anything else?	Redwood Highway

1 I like Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, The Fifth Element, Life Is Beautiful, Lethal Weapon, and Say Anything.... I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fright Night
2 What else is that about?	vampire, Chris Sarandon, Tom Holland, Roddy McDowall
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Store

1 The Day After Tomorrow, The Last Samurai, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Troy, Pleasantville, Memento, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Big Fish
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Tim Burton, story, death, Storytelling, Ewan McGregor, Helena Bonham Carter, Life, fish, Albert Finney, alabama, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer Dick Van Dyke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night at the Museum

1 American Beauty, The Shawshank Redemption, Big Night, A Christmas Story, The Commitments, Shakespeare in Love, and Midnight Run are movies I love. I'm looking for a William H. Macy movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I like John Ritter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Panic

1 Mutiny on the Bounty, Cinderella Man, Murder in the First, Traffic, Platoon, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ip Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, martial arts, Donnie Yen, Wing Chun, Wilson Yip, Ip Man
3 I rate Akira Kurosawa movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Man Standing

1 The Full Monty, Basic Instinct, Scent of a Woman, Pulp Fiction, Die Hard 2, Marvin's Room, and Pretty Woman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pleasantville
2 Who does that star?	Tobey Maguire, Reese Witherspoon, William H. Macy, Joan Allen
3 I rate Omar Sharif movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Valley

1 Donnie Darko, Walk the Line, The Shawshank Redemption, Casablanca, Back to the Future Part III, Napoleon Dynamite, and Groundhog Day are movies I really like. I'm looking for an ending movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
3 I prefer paranormal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paranormal Activity

1 I really liked Forrest Gump, The Patriot, There's Something About Mary, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Braveheart, Aliens, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Count of Monte Cristo
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Vernay
3 I prefer Mika Kaurismäki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The House of Branching Love

1 Babe, The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story, Sense and Sensibility, Get Shorty, Richard III, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jeffrey
2 Who does that star?	Steven Weber
3 I prefer Janet Margolin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Take the Money and Run

1 Boogie Nights, For a Few Dollars More, Pinocchio, A Clockwork Orange, Citizen Kane, Dark Star, and The Straight Story are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Story of the Weeping Camel
2 What else is that about?	Family, desert
3 I rate Bob Clark movies. Any other suggestions?	Baby Geniuses

1 Before Sunset, The Terminator, The Godfather, Pi, The Graduate, The Shawshank Redemption, and Brazil are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 Who does that star?	Abigail Breslin, Greg Kinnear, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano
3 I prefer Henry Winkler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Here Comes the Boom

1 I really liked True Romance, Go, Suicide Kings, Jackie Brown, Batman, 48 Hrs., and Run Lola Run. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	King of New York
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Walken, Laurence Fishburne, Victor Argo, David Caruso
3 I prefer Brooke Adams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dead Zone

1 MASH, Almost Famous, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Schindler's List, Being There, Taxi Driver, and Sling Blade are movies I like. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Crimes and Misdemeanors
2 Who does that star?	Martin Landau
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Antz

1 I love The Princess Bride, The Hunt for Red October, The Bourne Identity, Casino Royale, The Blues Brothers, Fantasia, and The Rock. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Supremacy
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Brian Cox, Julia Stiles
3 I prefer Danny Trejo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead in Tombstone

1 I loved Galaxy Quest, The Andromeda Strain, Hamlet, Keeping the Faith, F/X, The Deer Hunter, and A Perfect Murder. I'm looking for a vietnam war movie.	Bat*21
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Markle
3 I like Werner Herzog movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rescue Dawn

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail and Memento are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Billy Connolly movie.	Muppet Treasure Island
2 What else is that about?	treasure, muppets, Tim Curry, Billy Connolly, Robert Louis Stevenson, Jennifer Saunders
3 I rate Princess movies. Any other suggestions?	Brave

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Some Like It Hot, The Green Mile, Schindler's List, American History X, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	One Crazy Summer
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Joel Murray
3 I prefer Clint Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ice Cream Man

1 An Extremely Goofy Movie, Cars, Who's That Girl, Bad Teacher, All the President's Men, The Tigger Movie, and I Love You Phillip Morris are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	G-Force
2 Who is that directed by?	Hoyt Yeatman
3 I rate John McTiernan movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Action Hero

1 Rob Roy, GoldenEye, Alien, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Top Gun, Die Hard, and Batman Forever are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Alex Proyas movie.	The Crow
2 What else is that about?	comic book, Alex Proyas
3 I prefer Nicolas Cage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knowing

1 Dead Calm, Forrest Gump, The Doors, Gladiator, Ghostbusters, American Pie, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jennifer Lopez movie.	The Cell
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Jennifer Lopez, Vincent D'Onofrio
3 I prefer Natasha Richardson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Maid in Manhattan

1 I liked Taxi Driver, Y Tu Mamá También, The Thin Man, Clerks, Kramer vs. Kramer, The Thin Blue Line, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Hope and Glory
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, London, John Boorman
3 I like concentration camp movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hiding Place

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Graduate, Tootsie, The King's Speech, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Barry Lyndon, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Alan J. Pakula movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 Who does that star?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol
3 I prefer Timothy Bottoms movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing

1 I watched the films Donnie Darko, Into the Wild, Billy Madison, A River Runs Through It, Memento, Gladiator, and A Beautiful Mind and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zombieland
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, zombies, Road Trip, Emma Stone, Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Abigail Breslin, Ruben Fleischer
3 I like Dany Boon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nothing to Declare

1 I love The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Peter Pan, Laura, The Terminator, The Abyss, Aliens, and True Grit. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Scream 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Craven
3 I prefer Richard Fleischer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Million Dollar Mystery

1 Being There, Looking for Richard, Shakespeare in Love, Pulp Fiction, Say Anything..., The Deer Hunter, and Rain Man are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Children of a Lesser God
2 What else is that about?	r, Love Story, deafness
3 I like Moon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apollo 13

1 Amélie, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, 8½, Michael Clayton, Dolls, and The Wages of Fear are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Kelly Reichardt movie.	Wendy and Lucy
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Williams, Lucy

1 Heathers, Magnolia, Cube, Dune, Die Hard, Boogie Nights, and The Outlaw Josey Wales are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 What else is that about?	War, psychological, strange, flashbacks, Tim Robbins, hallucination, psychological horror
3 I like Jessica Alba movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Eye

1 I loved Naked, The Wizard of Oz, Touch of Evil, Barton Fink, Brazil, A Clockwork Orange, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	Parents
2 What else is that about?	black comedy
3 I prefer r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Keeping Mum

1 Say Anything..., The Green Mile, The Sting, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Wizard of Oz, It's a Wonderful Life, and Field of Dreams are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Little Romance
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I prefer Sam Raimi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crimewave

1 I like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, My Cousin Vinny, Spider-Man, North by Northwest, The Shining, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Evil Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cult film, own, Demons, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Possession, gory
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	2001 Maniacs

1 Night of the Living Dead, Vertigo, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Blue Velvet, The Exorcist, Pi, and My Own Private Idaho are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	Cry-Baby
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Polly Bergen, Susan Tyrrell, Amy Locane
3 I like Jonah Hill movies more. Do you know anything else?	21 Jump Street

1 Goodfellas, Cool Hand Luke, Blade Runner, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really like. I'm looking for a violence movie.	Once Were Warriors
2 Who does that star?	Temuera Morrison, Rena Owen
3 I rate Rain movies. Any other suggestions?	Ninja Assassin

1 The Outlaw Josey Wales, Mad Max, Dog Day Afternoon, Ed Wood, Casablanca, Wyatt Earp, and Blade Runner are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	Five Easy Pieces
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Jack Nicholson, national film registry, Bob Rafelson
3 I prefer Mike Nichols movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carnal Knowledge

1 I love American Beauty, The Big Lebowski, The Usual Suspects, The Silence of the Lambs, Fargo, The Matrix, and Alien. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lord of War
2 What else is that about?	Crime, War, r, Nicolas Cage, arms dealer, Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer James Cagney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Great Guy

1 Fight Club, Being John Malkovich, Boiler Room, American Beauty, The Deep End of the Ocean, The Breakfast Club, and Toy Story 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The General's Daughter
2 What else is that about?	John Travolta, Simon West
3 I rate Paul Auster movies. Any other suggestions?	Lulu on the Bridge

1 I watched the films A Man for All Seasons, The Matrix, Bicycle Thieves, Faces, Citizen Kane, The Conversation, and Two Women and loved them. I'm looking for a biting movie.	Ace in the Hole
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, criterion, cynical, biting, Billy Wilder, Kirk Douglas
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ace in the Hole

1 I really like Fargo and The American President. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sabrina
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I rate John Pasquin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Santa Clause

1 The Usual Suspects, Amélie, Das Boot, Fight Club, District 9, Memento, and The Deer Hunter are films I love. I'm looking for a Josh Brolin movie.	No Country for Old Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Thriller, r, coen brothers, Tommy Lee Jones, Texas, Javier Bardem, Josh Brolin, landscape, Cormac McCarthy
3 I like Rose McGowan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Planet Terror

1 I really liked Shrek, Changeling, Amélie, Office Space, District 9, Blade Runner, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kramer
3 I prefer Chad Lowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beautiful Ohio

1 I really like GoldenEye, Clear and Present Danger, The Silence of the Lambs, While You Were Sleeping, The Fugitive, The Net, and Waterworld. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I like Edward Asner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Up

1 I like It's a Wonderful Life, Annie Hall, Seven Samurai, Diva, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Casablanca, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a youth movie.	Rebel Without a Cause
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicholas Ray
3 I like Thomas Carter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swing Kids

1 Back to the Future, Shrek 2, Hero, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Last Samurai, Army of Darkness, and Donnie Darko are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
2 Who is that directed by?	David Yates
3 I like William Dieterle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Portrait of Jennie

1 The Matrix, Romeo and Juliet, Mystic River, A Beautiful Mind, Jurassic Park, Black Hawk Down, and Shrek 2 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I rate Scott Terra movies. Any other suggestions?	Eight Legged Freaks

1 The Butterfly Effect, Memento, Assault on Precinct 13, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Point Break
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I prefer Frederik Du Chau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Underdog

1 Aladdin, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fran Kranz movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Joss Whedon, Fran Kranz, Amy Acker
3 I prefer meta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cabin in the Woods

1 I really liked Body Heat, Sling Blade, Immortal Beloved, Patriot Games, Witness, Lawrence of Arabia, and Chinatown. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	Eight Men Out
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, John Sayles
3 I rate Brian Helgeland movies. Any other suggestions?	42

1 I love Four Weddings and a Funeral, American History X, Reservoir Dogs, Fahrenheit 9/11, Full Metal Jacket, Donnie Darko, and The Shining. I'm looking for a sexuality movie.	Chasing Amy
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sex, Lies, and Videotape

1 I liked Reservoir Dogs, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Ran, The Thin Man, Lawrence of Arabia, The Untouchables, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Airplane!
2 Who does that star?	Lloyd Bridges, Julie Hagerty, Peter Graves
3 I rate Myrna Loy movies. Any other suggestions?	Lucky Night

1 I love Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Ocean's Eleven, 10 Things I Hate About You, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Mummy, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe
3 I like Frank Oz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dark Crystal

1 Joe Versus the Volcano, Donnie Darko, Solaris, Back to the Future, Spider-Man, The Five Senses, and A Beautiful Mind are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 1950s movie.	Far from Heaven
2 What else is that about?	r, 1950s, Julianne Moore, Dennis Quaid, Patricia Clarkson, Todd Haynes, moore
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grease

1 Buffalo '66, Bonnie and Clyde, For a Few Dollars More, A Clockwork Orange, Once Upon a Time in America, Rope, and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford are movies I love. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Masculin Féminin
2 Who does that star?	Marlène Jobert, Chantal Goya, Michel Debord

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Piano, Schindler's List, Apollo 13, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Usual Suspects and loved them. I'm looking for a Nicole Kidman movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Mimi Leder movies. Any other suggestions?	The Peacemaker

1 I watched the films The Wizard of Oz, American Beauty, Casablanca, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Dog Day Afternoon, Rear Window, and To Kill a Mockingbird and loved them. I'm looking for a Tennessee Williams movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Marlon Brando, Tennessee Williams, stage, Elia Kazan, Vivien Leigh, Karl Malden
3 I rate criterion movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fugitive Kind

1 I loved Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, The Pianist, Moulin Rouge!, Braveheart, Pearl Harbor, and Gattaca. I'm looking for a Vincent Cassel movie.	Birthday Girl
2 What else is that about?	Nicole Kidman, Vincent Cassel, Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I like James McAvoy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trance

1 I liked Schindler's List, The Secret of Roan Inish, High Noon, Down by Law, Lone Star, Bad Boys, and Real Genius. I'm looking for a Kelly Macdonald movie.	Trainspotting
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd
3 I rate Kelly Macdonald movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl in the Café

1 Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Clerks, Aladdin, and Scream are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who does that star?	Estella Warren, Rhett Giles, Victor Parascos
3 I like Stanley Tucci movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jack the Giant Slayer

1 12 Angry Men, Pulp Fiction, And Now for Something Completely Different, Casino, Rushmore, The Big Lebowski, and City of God are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fail Safe
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cold war, Sidney Lumet
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life

1 Aliens, The Silence of the Lambs, Alien, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Princess Bride, The Godfather, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I liked. I'm looking for an american civil war movie.	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, story, Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, photography, civil war, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Italian, american civil war, gunfight, Gold, hanging, Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Outlaw Josey Wales

1 I really like Jeremiah Johnson, Apollo 13, A Christmas Story, The Natural, The Graduate, The African Queen, and Black Hawk Down. I'm looking for a War movie.	Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, r, Morgan Freeman, Denzel Washington, civil war, american civil war, Matthew Broderick, Edward Zwick
3 I like Jena Malone movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Messenger

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Cool Hand Luke, Gladiator, Catch Me If You Can, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Gandhi, and Into the Wild are movies I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	No Country for Old Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen
3 I like Michel Gondry movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Science of Sleep

1 Sabrina, Independence Day, Rudy, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, and Clear and Present Danger are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	Rockne S. O'Bannon
3 I prefer Charles Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Floods of Fear

1 Elizabeth, Persuasion, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lives of Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
3 I rate Menno Meyjes movies. Any other suggestions?	Max

1 Groundhog Day, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Fargo, A Grand Day Out, Clerks, The Shawshank Redemption, and Bull Durham are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Lucy Liu movie.	Charlie's Angels
2 What else is that about?	dvd, Bill Murray, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, private detective, Lucy Liu, McG
3 I rate Jeremy Northam movies. Any other suggestions?	Cypher

1 I love Dark City, X-Men, The Shawshank Redemption, Cast Away, Mulan, Donnie Darko, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a hugo award movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I prefer Back to the Future movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Back to the Future

1 Shadowlands, Pulp Fiction, Aliens, The English Patient, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, and Casablanca are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chungking Express
2 What else is that about?	Love, hong kong, na, Takeshi Kaneshiro
3 I prefer island movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Island in the Sun

1 Ghost World, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Boogie Nights, Empire Records, Almost Famous, Chasing Amy, and Trainspotting are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fletch
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, Michael Ritchie
3 I rate baseball movies. Any other suggestions?	Major League

1 Bio-Dome, Fear, Grumpier Old Men, Independence Day, Flipper, Men in Black, and Marvin's Room are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I like Richard Pryor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Critical Condition

1 Casablanca, The Red Violin, The Bourne Supremacy, It's a Wonderful Life, Apollo 13, Driving Miss Daisy, and Brokeback Mountain are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Identity
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Clive Owen, Franka Potente, Chris Cooper
3 I like America Olivo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bitch Slap

1 Unforgiven, Rain Man, The Manchurian Candidate, Fargo, Sling Blade, The Godfather, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Gregory Peck movie.	On the Beach
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Gregory Peck, Anthony Perkins, Stanley Kramer
3 I like guerrillas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Days of Glory

1 The Green Mile, When Harry Met Sally..., American Beauty, Toy Story, All Quiet on the Western Front, The Terminator, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a schwarzenegger movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like Peter Hyams movies more. Do you know anything else?	End of Days

1 I like Fargo, Toy Story, The Godfather, Phenomenon, and Bound. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Al Pacino, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby
3 I prefer Robert Shaw movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	End of the Game

1 Desperado, Harvey, A Christmas Carol, How Green Was My Valley, A Few Good Men, Hoosiers, and Mother are films I love. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rocky
2 Who is that directed by?	John G. Avildsen
3 I like Ron Shelton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bull Durham

1 I watched the films Chocolat, Raise the Red Lantern, A Beautiful Mind, American Pie, My Best Friend's Wedding, Life Is Beautiful, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, remade, Old, Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, J. Lee Thompson
3 I prefer Gene Hackman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Chamber

1 Vertigo, Election, The Passion of Joan of Arc, Strangers on a Train, The Wizard of Oz, Once Upon a Time in America, and Cool Hand Luke are movies I love. I'm looking for a Ken Russell movie.	Women in Love
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Ken Russell
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Women in Love

1 Love! Valour! Compassion!, Scent of a Woman, The Exorcist, Grease, Psycho, The Terminator, and Primal Fear are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Grumpy Old Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Burgess Meredith, f
3 I rate John Goodman movies. Any other suggestions?	King Ralph

1 The Cell, Gaslight, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Arsenic and Old Lace, Stella Dallas, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and A League of Their Own are movies I like. I'm looking for a Cary Grant movie.	The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Myrna Loy, Shirley Temple
3 I prefer Claude Rains movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Notorious

1 Office Space, The Godfather, American History X, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Platoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I like Jerry Zucker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Airplane!

1 The City of Lost Children, A Bug's Life, Ghost in the Shell, The Wrong Trousers, Seven Samurai, Being John Malkovich, and Princess Mononoke are films I really like. I'm looking for a psychological movie.	Pi
2 What else is that about?	surreal, psychological, r, directorial debut, Darren Aronofsky, math
3 I prefer Ingmar Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Face to Face

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Norma Rae, Beauty and the Beast, Goldfinger, Pinocchio, The Apartment, and Scarface are movies I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Saturday Night Fever
2 Who is that directed by?	John Badham
3 I prefer Gary Weis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All You Need Is Cash

1 Repulsion, Blue Velvet, Brazil, Psycho, Jean de Florette, Fargo, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	La Femme Nikita
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, French, Luc Besson
3 I like white house movies more. Do you know anything else?	Olympus Has Fallen

1 Pretty Woman, My Family, Once Were Warriors, Menace II Society, Little Women, Babe, and Vanya on 42nd Street are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Virtuosity
2 What else is that about?	Russell Crowe
3 I like navy seals movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lone Survivor

1 Toy Story, Clerks, Leaving Las Vegas, The Age of Innocence, Naked, The Usual Suspects, and La Haine are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Priest
2 Who is that directed by?	Antonia Bird
3 I like Mikael Marcimain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Call Girl

1 I love 28 Days, Bottle Rocket, The Straight Story, Now, Voyager, Monsters, Inc., Being There, and Blast from the Past. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Romper Stomper
2 What else is that about?	Russell Crowe, Australia
3 I like Amy Adams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man of Steel

1 Food, Inc., Dial M for Murder, Bowling for Columbine, The Pursuit of Happyness, Who Killed the Electric Car?, Saw, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a long takes movie.	Rope
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock

1 Natural Born Killers, The Birdcage, Philadelphia, The Remains of the Day, Twister, Schindler's List, and Disclosure are films I liked. I'm looking for a Kim Basinger movie.	Batman
2 What else is that about?	Action, dark, superhero, Revenge, Crime, comic book, Tim Burton, Jack Nicholson, Batman, super-hero, dc comics, get, Michael Keaton, goth, dc, Kim Basinger, Joker, serious
3 I rate Police movies. Any other suggestions?	L.A. Confidential

1 The Last Samurai, Apollo 13, Cinderella, The Sting, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, The Blind Side, and United 93 are movies I love. I'm looking for a Matthew McConaughey movie.	We Are Marshall
2 What else is that about?	football, Matthew McConaughey, David Strathairn, Healing, McG
3 I prefer Zac Efron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Paperboy

1 The Family Man, Margaret's Museum, The Maltese Falcon, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Lolita, Girl, Interrupted, and Meet Joe Black are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	3000 Miles to Graceland
2 What else is that about?	r, Kevin Costner, Kurt Russell, Christian Slater
3 I rate Alicia Silverstone movies. Any other suggestions?	Excess Baggage

1 I love Little Shop of Horrors, Fargo, Rear Window, My Man Godfrey, Three Days of the Condor, Harvey, and 8½. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Deconstructing Harry
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Paul Mazursky movies. Any other suggestions?	Scenes from a Mall

1 The Ref, Fargo, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Birdcage are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones
3 I like Frank Coraci movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wedding Singer

1 I really like Annie Hall, Short Cuts, French Twist, Midnight Cowboy, All About Eve, Go Fish, and My Fair Lady. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
2 What else is that about?	Jane Fonda, Sydney Pollack
3 I rate Christine Jeffs movies. Any other suggestions?	Sylvia

1 I really like The Big Lebowski, Grosse Pointe Blank, Braveheart, Office Space, Pulp Fiction, Sleepers, and Army of Darkness. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Bay
3 I rate Dolph Lundgren movies. Any other suggestions?	Missionary Man

1 Nosferatu, The Hunt for Red October, The Lady Vanishes, Charade, The Thin Man, In Like Flint, and Sweet Smell of Success are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	No Way to Treat a Lady
2 What else is that about?	detective, Jack Smight
3 I like science movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gravity

1 L.A. Story, Analyze This, Waiting for Guffman, Men in Black, Toy Story 2, A Close Shave, and Swingers are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I like pixar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cars

1 Casper, Junior, Aladdin, Nine Months, Man of the House, Bad Boys, and A Kid in King Arthur's Court are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Baby-Sitters Club
2 Who is that directed by?	Melanie Mayron
3 I rate David Butler movies. Any other suggestions?	The Littlest Rebel

1 The Godfather, Born on the Fourth of July, Fantasia, His Girl Friday, and American Beauty are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	She's Having a Baby
2 What else is that about?	John Hughes
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Major League

1 I loved Casablanca, Sense and Sensibility, The Player, Raising Arizona, Memento, Philadelphia, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Patch of Blue
2 What else is that about?	Race, Blind, relationship, Guy Green
3 I rate Airport movies. Any other suggestions?	Airport

1 The Producers, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, and The Room are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Super Mario Bros.
2 Who is that directed by?	Annabel Jankel, Rocky Morton
3 I like Vincent Sherman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Across the Pacific

1 The Poseidon Adventure, The Matrix, Raising Arizona, RoboCop, The Thing, L.A. Story, and Killing Zoe are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Malice
2 What else is that about?	Aaron Sorkin
3 I like Eva Marie Saint movies more. Do you know anything else?	North by Northwest

1 The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, The English Patient, Fargo, Shine, and The Remains of the Day are movies I liked. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who does that star?	Willeke van Ammelrooy
3 I rate Karen Trumbo movies. Any other suggestions?	Claire of the Moon

1 I loved Toy Story 2, Office Space, Clerks, A Fistful of Dollars, The Usual Suspects, The Big Lebowski, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Fisher King
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, Terry Gilliam, Jeff Bridges, gilliam
3 I prefer John Candy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Outdoors

1 Reservoir Dogs, The Idiots, The Shining, Everyone Says I Love You, Memento, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I love. I'm looking for a Norwegian movie.	The Thing
2 Who does that star?	Joel Edgerton, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Eric Christian Olsen, Ulrich Thomsen
3 I like Stig Frode Henriksen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Snow

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, Meet the Parents, Good Will Hunting, The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, As Good as It Gets, and Fallen. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	The 13th Warrior
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan, Michael Crichton
3 I rate Joe Johnston movies. Any other suggestions?	Jurassic Park III

1 I loved With Honors, Courage Under Fire, Forrest Gump, The Man Without a Face, Philadelphia, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Jeffrey. I'm looking for a Priest movie.	Priest
2 Who is that directed by?	Antonia Bird
3 I prefer Scott Derrickson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Exorcism of Emily Rose

1 The Princess Bride, A Close Shave, Groundhog Day, The Dark Crystal, The Great Escape, The Princess and the Warrior, and The Purple Rose of Cairo are films I loved. I'm looking for a Richard Linklater movie.	Before Sunset
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater

1 Fantasia, Vertigo, Casablanca, Raging Bull, The Godfather, Citizen Kane, and Taxi Driver are films I like. I'm looking for a Peter Lorre movie.	M
2 Who is that directed by?	Fritz Lang
3 I like Irwin Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea

1 The Game, A River Runs Through It, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Rock, There's Something About Mary, Saving Private Ryan, and The Cell are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Devil's Own
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, Harrison Ford, Rubén Blades
3 I rate Terence Stamp movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sicilian

1 The Matrix and Little Miss Sunshine are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waitress
2 Who is that directed by?	Adrienne Shelly
3 I rate Michael Pavone movies. Any other suggestions?	That's What I Am

1 I liked The Lion King, Outbreak, The Firm, Sleepless in Seattle, It Could Happen to You, The Fugitive, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Ron Clements movie.	Aladdin
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Magic, Musical, soundtrack, Robin Williams, own, animated, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, Aladdin
3 I like fairy tale movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Princess and the Frog

1 Identification of a Woman, Hamlet, Captives, Microcosmos, Marvin's Room, Citizen Ruth, and The People vs. Larry Flynt are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Johns
2 Who does that star?	Lukas Haas, David Arquette
3 I prefer Joely Richardson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shining Through

1 The Bourne Identity, The Usual Suspects, Seven Samurai, The Bourne Supremacy, JFK, The Godfather, and Casino Royale are films I really liked. I'm looking for a slavery movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Amma Asante movies. Any other suggestions?	Belle

1 I love The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, In the Name of the Father, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a genius movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I rate Martha Coolidge movies. Any other suggestions?	Real Genius

1 Love Actually, Miracle on 34th Street, Cinderella, Les Misérables, Guys and Dolls, The Muppets Take Manhattan, and The Secret of NIMH are movies I love. I'm looking for an Anthony Mann movie.	The Glenn Miller Story
2 What else is that about?	James Stewart, Anthony Mann
3 I prefer Western movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man of the West

1 Titan A.E., Falling Down, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, The Poseidon Adventure, Deep Impact, and Hard Candy are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Analyze This
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I prefer Sam Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dr. Jack

1 Schindler's List, The Ring, Philadelphia, Inglourious Basterds, Forrest Gump, Downfall, and The Lives of Others are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Stardust
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, british, Robert De Niro, Ian McKellen, Ricky Gervais, Neil Gaiman, Claire Danes, Michelle Pfeiffer, Peter O'Toole, Mark Strong, hugo award, Matthew Vaughn, Charlie Cox, wall
3 I rate Tim Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Santa Clause

1 House, Orphan, Logan's Run, Underdog, Benji, Eve of Destruction, and Brainscan are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Shock Waves
2 Who is that directed by?	Ken Wiederhorn
3 I prefer Paul Schrader movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cat People

1 I liked The Hunt for Red October, The Hustler, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Ice Storm, Jurassic Park, You've Got Mail, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Shana Feste movies. Any other suggestions?	Country Strong

1 I really like Rear Window, The Terminator, Gattaca, The Blob, Westworld, Gladiator, and A Perfect Murder. I'm looking for a Ralph Nelson movie.	Lilies of the Field
2 What else is that about?	Sidney Poitier, Ralph Nelson
3 I prefer Rod Serling movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Requiem for a Heavyweight

1 I like Natural Born Killers, Fight Club, The Doors, The Wizard of Oz, Total Recall, Forrest Gump, and The Outlaw Josey Wales. I'm looking for a beatles movie.	Backbeat
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Dorff, Sheryl Lee, Ian Hart
3 I prefer Paul McCartney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Help!

1 Shrek, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Spirited Away, The Sixth Sense, Desperado, Beauty and the Beast, and The Wrong Trousers are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich, Pete Docter, David Silverman
3 I like Henry Levin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm

1 Fight Club, When Harry Met Sally..., Before Night Falls, The Green Mile, Toy Story, The Little Mermaid, and The Birdcage are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Splendor
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregg Araki
3 I like William A. Wellman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nothing Sacred

1 City of Angels, Dead Poets Society, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, An Officer and a Gentleman, Braveheart, Guinevere, and The Lost Boys are films I really liked. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Kickboxer
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Alexio
3 I like Bruce Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enter the Dragon

1 The Usual Suspects, Army of Darkness, Glengarry Glen Ross, Hear My Song, 12 Angry Men, Vertigo, and Hoop Dreams are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Ted Demme movie.	Beautiful Girls
2 Who does that star?	Matt Dillon, Lauren Holly
3 I rate Eddie Murphy movies. Any other suggestions?	Life

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Crying Game, A Beautiful Mind, Traffic, American History X, Sling Blade, and Boys Don't Cry are movies I liked. I'm looking for a poland movie.	The Pianist
2 Who does that star?	Adrien Brody
3 I prefer Anne Alvaro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Danton

1 Badlands, A Clockwork Orange, Das Boot, Dog Day Afternoon, Stranger Than Paradise, Short Cuts, and The Player are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	Mystery Train
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I rate Masaki Kobayashi movies. Any other suggestions?	Harakiri

1 Big Trouble in Little China, My Fair Lady, Ghostbusters, Weird Science, Casablanca, The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada, and The Triplets of Belleville are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a potter movie.	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Alfonso Cuarón, potter
3 I prefer Mike Newell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

1 The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story, Forrest Gump, The Princess Bride, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Aladdin are movies I love. I'm looking for a dc movie.	Batman
2 What else is that about?	Action, dark, superhero, Revenge, Crime, comic book, Tim Burton, Jack Nicholson, Batman, super-hero, dc comics, get, Michael Keaton, goth, dc, Kim Basinger, Joker, serious
3 I like Michelle Pfeiffer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Batman Returns

1 The Sixth Sense, L.A. Confidential, Sin City, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Beetlejuice, The Matrix, and Mystic River are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Do the Right Thing
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, John Turturro, Spike Lee
3 I like George Cukor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dinner at Eight

1 Wings of Desire, The Philadelphia Story, Army of Darkness, Fantasia, American Beauty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Iron Giant are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Arthur Penn movie.	Little Big Man
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, native americans, revisionist western, Arthur Penn
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Miracle Worker

1 I watched the films River's Edge, Suspiria, Quiz Show, Three Days of the Condor, The 400 Blows, Bullitt, and Breakdown and loved them. I'm looking for a Val Guest movie.	The Day the Earth Caught Fire
2 Who does that star?	Leo McKern, Janet Munro, Edward Judd
3 I like Guy Rolfe movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yesterday's Enemy

1 Diva, Seven Samurai, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Life Is Beautiful, Shakespeare in Love, The Crying Game, and The Big Lebowski are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Picnic at Hanging Rock
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I like Peter Spierig movies more. Do you know anything else?	Undead

1 Notting Hill, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Big Trouble in Little China, Shooter, Chinatown, Much Ado About Nothing, and Body Snatchers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an overpopulation movie.	Soylent Green
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, science fiction, food, Charlton Heston, Richard Fleischer, overpopulation, Edward G. Robinson

1 I loved Natural Born Killers, Smoke, The Fugitive, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Silence of the Lambs, Rumble in the Bronx, and Fearless. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Noah Baumbach
3 I rate Whit Stillman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Days of Disco

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Dances with Wolves, Forrest Gump, Sabrina, and Emma are films I love. I'm looking for a Michael Palin movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I rate zoo movies. Any other suggestions?	Fierce Creatures

1 I watched the films A River Runs Through It, Lawless, Juno, Prefontaine, Crazy Heart, Almost Famous, and The Pride of the Yankees and loved them. I'm looking for a Peter Berg movie.	Lone Survivor
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Berg
3 I rate John Dahl movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Seduction

1 You Can Count on Me, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Casablanca, Back to the Future, Raging Bull, and Diner are movies I loved. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	House of Games
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, David Mamet, mamet, Joe Mantegna
3 I prefer Whoopi Goldberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jumpin' Jack Flash

1 Mamma Mia!, Wanted, Die Another Day, V for Vendetta, Braveheart, Intolerable Cruelty, and The Blair Witch Project are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Love Guru
2 What else is that about?	Mike Myers, Romany Malco
3 I prefer football movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Necessary Roughness

1 Sling Blade, Contact, American Beauty, True Romance, The Game, The Dark Crystal, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Being John Malkovich
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Jonze
3 I prefer Alexander Hall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forever, Darling

1 Cinderella, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Dr. No, Schindler's List, Bambi, Psycho, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Deliverance
2 Who does that star?	Jon Voight, Ned Beatty, Burt Reynolds, Ronny Cox
3 I prefer Marthe Keller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Sunday

1 I liked 25th Hour, The Opposite of Sex, Ghost World, Ninotchka, Reversal of Fortune, The Sixth Sense, and Last Orders. I'm looking for a charlie chaplin movie.	The Kid
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Coogan
3 I prefer Mack Swain movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Gold Rush

1 Die Hard, Apocalypse Now, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Chinatown, Jerry Maguire, Toy Story 2, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Vertigo
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Kim Novak
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mortal Thoughts

1 Stalag 17, Babe, Back to the Future, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Flirting with Disaster, A Fish Called Wanda, and A Room with a View are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Blazing Saddles
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Harvey Korman, Cleavon Little, Slim Pickens
3 I like Matt Ross movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ed's Next Move

1 Fight Club, The Shawshank Redemption, Memento, The Big Lebowski, and Die Hard are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Edward Burns
3 I rate Ken Watanabe movies. Any other suggestions?	Letters from Iwo Jima

1 The Seventh Seal, King Kong, On the Waterfront, A Man for All Seasons, Casablanca, West Side Story, and Cinderella are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	Topaz
2 What else is that about?	Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wrong Man

1 I like Far and Away, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, Cast Away, Pretty Woman, 10 Things I Hate About You, and The Abyss. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	City of Angels
2 What else is that about?	remake, Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan, Angel, Brad Silberling
3 I rate Romance movies. Any other suggestions?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 Akira, The Royal Tenenbaums, Amélie, Being John Malkovich, The Fall, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and The Big Lebowski are films I loved. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Open Your Eyes
2 Who does that star?	Penélope Cruz, Eduardo Noriega, Fele Martínez
3 I rate Daniel Giménez Cacho movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Education

1 Fargo, Spy Game, L.A. Confidential, Schindler's List, Raising Arizona, Big, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I prefer Akira Kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Madadayo

1 The Natural, Beverly Hills Cop, Mrs. Doubtfire, Total Recall, The Silence of the Lambs, There's Something About Mary, and Back to the Future are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Married to the Mob
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I prefer Lewis Gilbert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alfie

1 Les Misérables, Dead Man Walking, Schindler's List, Lone Star, Citizen Kane, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Pinocchio
2 Who is that directed by?	Wilfred Jackson, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen, Bill Roberts, Jack Kinney, Norman Ferguson, T. Hee
3 I like Rintaro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Metropolis

1 Ladyhawke, Blade, Die Hard, The Fugitive, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Tombstone, and Phenomenon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	Stripes
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, John Candy, Harold Ramis, Ivan Reitman
3 I like Ron Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Splash

1 I liked Trainspotting, The Craft, Clerks, Metropolis, Labyrinth, The Parent Trap, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	The Spitfire Grill
2 Who does that star?	Ellen Burstyn, Marcia Gay Harden, Will Patton, Alison Elliott
3 I like Eve movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Woodsman

1 The Departed, The Bourne Ultimatum, Black Hawk Down, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Wedding Crashers, Saving Private Ryan, and Casino are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	Transformers
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, Robots, Steven Spielberg, teen, crude humor, effects, Michael Bay, John Turturro, Shia LaBeouf, robot, Megan Fox, Tyrese Gibson
3 I like Christian Bale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Empire of the Sun

1 Brazil, Ransom, Akira, Frankenstein, The Santa Clause, The Lawnmower Man, and Casablanca are films I love. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 Who does that star?	Charlton Heston, Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans
3 I prefer Humphrey Bogart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The African Queen

1 Donnie Darko, Clerks, Yellow Submarine, The Breakfast Club, Highlander, Rear Window, and The Birds are films I love. I'm looking for a George Lucas movie.	Willow
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Magic, George Lucas, Val Kilmer, Ron Howard, sword and sorcery, Warwick Davis
3 I rate disney movies. Any other suggestions?	Captain EO

1 Spy Kids, Toy Story, Anaconda, The Wizard of Oz, The Emperor's New Groove, Mulan, and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Amazing Panda Adventure
2 Who does that star?	Ryan Slater
3 I prefer Enzo Staiola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bicycle Thieves

1 My Cousin Vinny and American History X are films I really like. I'm looking for a Lloyd Bridges movie.	Airplane!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, parody, absurd, slapstick, disaster, funniest movies, Airport, Leslie Nielsen, flying, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker, Lloyd Bridges
3 I rate spoof movies. Any other suggestions?	Hot Shots!

1 Top Hat, Suddenly, Last Summer, Rear Window, The African Queen, The Maltese Falcon, Shakespeare in Love, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jules Verne movie.	20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
2 What else is that about?	love triangle, Jules Verne
3 I prefer Jackie Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Around the World in 80 Days

1 Blade Runner, The English Patient, Seven Samurai, The Matrix, The Abyss, Galaxy Quest, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I love. I'm looking for a film noir movie.	Out of the Past
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, film noir, noir, Jacques Tourneur
3 I prefer Barbara Stanwyck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Strange Love of Martha Ivers

1 I really liked The Birdcage and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for an own movie.	Phenomenon
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta, Robert Duvall, Forest Whitaker, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I prefer Roberto Benigni movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life Is Beautiful

1 Misery, Pan's Labyrinth, Peter Pan, Dead Man Walking, Hercules, Run Lola Run, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Wings of Desire
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I prefer Ron Clements movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Little Mermaid

1 Henry V, The Santa Clause, A Clockwork Orange, A Christmas Story, Elizabeth, A River Runs Through It, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Volker Schlöndorff movie.	The Tin Drum
2 Who is that directed by?	Volker Schlöndorff

1 I watched the films Dick Tracy, Paranormal Activity, Kung Fu Panda, The Hangover, Donnie Darko, Half Baked, and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Youth in Revolt
2 Who is that directed by?	Miguel Arteta
3 I like Anjelica Huston movies more. Do you know anything else?	Agnes Browne

1 I loved Dead Man, Harold and Maude, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Big Lebowski, Blade Runner, and Forbidden Planet. I'm looking for a James Coburn movie.	Our Man Flint
2 Who does that star?	James Coburn
3 I prefer Larry Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nutty Professor

1 I watched the films Saving Private Ryan, Roman Holiday, Beauty and the Beast, The Usual Suspects, The Ice Storm, The Red Violin, and When Harry Met Sally... and loved them. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Love and Death on Long Island
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Kwietniowski

1 The Thin Red Line, Run Lola Run, Amélie, Magnolia, Fargo, The Darjeeling Limited, and There Will Be Blood are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fantastic Mr. Fox
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Bill Murray, Meryl Streep, Jason Schwartzman
3 I like Thomas Ian Nicholas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rookie of the Year

1 The Player, Carlito's Way, Twilight, Trees Lounge, You Can Count on Me, Deconstructing Harry, and The Celebration are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Bruno Barreto movie.	Four Days in September
2 What else is that about?	Bruno Barreto
3 I like Gwyneth Paltrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	View from the Top

1 Sling Blade, Rocky, The Sixth Sense, American Pie, Animal House, Donnie Brasco, and Misery are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I like Paul Verhoeven movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Book

1 I loved Fargo, Bowling for Columbine, Chicago, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Gosford Park, Citizen Kane, and Love Actually. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fahrenheit 451
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, François Truffaut, Ray Bradbury, Julie Christie
3 I prefer Angelina Jolie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Mighty Heart

1 I love Apollo 13, Beauty and the Beast, The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, Disclosure, Philadelphia, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I rate War movies. Any other suggestions?	Life Is Beautiful

1 Mary Poppins, Babe, The Parent Trap, Beauty and the Beast, The Parent Trap, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, and The Lion King are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Newsies
2 What else is that about?	disney, Christian Bale
3 I rate True Story movies. Any other suggestions?	The First Grader

1 Toy Story, Groundhog Day, The Fast and the Furious, 10 Things I Hate About You, Toy Story 2, Romeo Must Die, and What's the Worst That Could Happen? are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wedding Planner
2 Who is that directed by?	Adam Shankman
3 I like Jason Bloom movies more. Do you know anything else?	Overnight Delivery

1 Casablanca, Ashes and Diamonds, La Dolce Vita, Wild Strawberries, The Apartment, Le Samouraï, and The Godfather are films I liked. I'm looking for an Alain Resnais movie.	Last Year at Marienbad
2 What else is that about?	enigmatic, Alain Resnais

1 In the Loop, War of the Buttons, Man on Fire, Brick, Amélie, The Bucket List, and Sideways are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Kids Are All Right
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Annette Bening, Lisa Cholodenko
3 I prefer wedding movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Muriel's Wedding

1 Django Unchained, The Princess Bride, Oldboy, Fight Club, The Sixth Sense, Kick-Ass, and Princess Mononoke are films I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Ghost in the Shell
2 Who is that directed by?	Mamoru Oshii
3 I rate Brad Bird movies. Any other suggestions?	The Iron Giant

1 The Bourne Supremacy, Die Hard, Jurassic Park, Casino Royale, Crash, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Surf's Up
2 What else is that about?	mockumentary, Zooey Deschanel, Jeff Bridges, Shia LaBeouf, surfing, sony pictures animation, penguin, Chris Buck
3 I prefer Rachel McAdams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Family Stone

1 I watched the films Blade Runner, Das Boot, Chicken Run, The Wrong Trousers, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Pulp Fiction, and Aladdin and loved them. I'm looking for a Richard Attenborough movie.	The Great Escape
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sturges
3 I prefer Les Mayfield movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Miracle on 34th Street

1 Casablanca, Driving Miss Daisy, To Kill a Mockingbird, Rudy, Finding Nemo, Secondhand Lions, and Finding Neverland are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	East Is East
2 What else is that about?	r, british
3 I prefer vacation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	National Lampoon's Vacation

1 Idle Hands, Rush Hour, Independence Day, Mulan, The Firm, Field of Dreams, and Philadelphia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Drunken Master
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, kung fu, Jackie Chan
3 I like Shaolin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Martial Arts of Shaolin

1 I really like Citizen Kane, Scarface, Glengarry Glen Ross, MASH, The Maltese Falcon, The African Queen, and Get Shorty. I'm looking for a Gwyneth Paltrow movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I prefer Neil LaBute movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Possession

1 I loved On the Waterfront, The Lives of Others, and Shadows. I'm looking for a John Cassavetes movie.	The Killing of a Chinese Bookie
2 What else is that about?	John Cassavetes
3 I prefer Peter Falk movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Husbands

1 Reservoir Dogs, Yellow Submarine, The Graduate, Chinatown, Citizen Kane, The Blues Brothers, and Repo Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Charlton Heston movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 Who does that star?	Charlton Heston, Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans
3 I prefer Orson Welles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Touch of Evil

1 Breakfast at Tiffany's, It Happened One Night, Grease, Shall We Dance?, Dog Day Afternoon, Lost in Translation, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Life with Father
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Family
3 I rate Federico Fellini movies. Any other suggestions?	Roma

1 City of God, The Matrix, Fight Club, American Beauty, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Forrest Gump, and Memento are movies I like. I'm looking for a Julian Schnabel movie.	The Diving Bell and the Butterfly
2 What else is that about?	Julian Schnabel
3 I rate David Bowie movies. Any other suggestions?	Basquiat

1 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Fahrenheit 9/11, Girl, Interrupted, Little Miss Sunshine, Million Dollar Baby, The Breakfast Club, and Mean Girls are films I really liked. I'm looking for a SubUrbia movie.	The Chumscrubber
2 What else is that about?	suicide, SubUrbia, Jamie Bell
3 I rate Richard Linklater movies. Any other suggestions?	SubUrbia

1 Elizabeth, Duck Soup, The Return of Martin Guerre, Sling Blade, Being There, Papillon, and Young Frankenstein are films I really like. I'm looking for a The Maltese Falcon movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Maltese Falcon

1 Raising Arizona, The Sting, Cool Hand Luke, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Evil Dead II, Under Siege, and Beautiful Girls are movies I really like. I'm looking for a History movie.	Ben-Hur
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I rate Ron Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Comic Book Confidential

1 I like Raiders of the Lost Ark, Shaun of the Dead, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, High Fidelity, Fargo, and Ghostbusters. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	And Now for Something Completely Different
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, monty python, John Cleese
3 I prefer Dany Boon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nothing to Declare

1 I liked The Usual Suspects, The Wrong Trousers, A Simple Plan, Three Kings, Spider-Man, The Elephant Man, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for an Ice Cube movie.	Boyz n the Hood
2 What else is that about?	Drama, national film registry, directorial debut, Laurence Fishburne, Ice Cube, John Singleton
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Are We There Yet?

1 Reservoir Dogs, The Shawshank Redemption, Shakespeare in Love, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Much Ado About Nothing, Alien, and Aliens are movies I really like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I prefer Andrew Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Perfect Murder

1 I love Back to the Future, The Conversation, Sullivan's Travels, Groundhog Day, Donnie Darko, Best in Show, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Last of Sheila
2 Who is that directed by?	Herbert Ross
3 I like Sean Penn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pledge

1 The Exorcist, The Triplets of Belleville, The Silence of the Lambs, The Motorcycle Diaries, Scream, Lost Horizon, and Two for the Road are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High and Low
2 What else is that about?	Police, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa, Tatsuya Nakadai, Ransom
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Bombshell

1 Jurassic Park, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The City of Lost Children, Taxi Driver, Big Night, Dolores Claiborne, and Get Shorty are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	The Sum of Us
2 What else is that about?	Russell Crowe
3 I rate boxing movies. Any other suggestions?	Cinderella Man

1 Apollo 13, The Abyss, Galaxy Quest, Mission to Mars, The Gods Must Be Crazy, A Bug's Life, and Fantasia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bond movie.	The Man with the Golden Gun
2 What else is that about?	assassin, james bond, bond, Christopher Lee, Roger Moore, Guy Hamilton
3 I rate Terence Young movies. Any other suggestions?	From Russia with Love

1 I really liked The Little Shop of Horrors, The Jungle Book, Shall We Dance?, As Good as It Gets, The Sixth Sense, The Breakfast Club, and Romancing the Stone. I'm looking for an Ethan Hawke movie.	Reality Bites
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Stiller
3 I prefer Richard Linklater movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before Sunrise

1 The Wizard of Oz, Fried Green Tomatoes, Analyze This, Back to the Future, Home Alone, Sixteen Candles, and Get Shorty are films I liked. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	G.I. Jane
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Bruce A. Evans movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Brooks

1 I love Modern Times, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Lost Thing, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Another Year, Juno, and Away We Go. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Broken
2 What else is that about?	Tim Roth
3 I rate florida movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue City

1 I liked The Day the Earth Stood Still, Defending Your Life, All That Jazz, And Now for Something Completely Different, All About Eve, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Village of the Damned
2 Who is that directed by?	Wolf Rilla
3 I prefer Lee H. Katzin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Le Mans

1 I liked Happiness, Donnie Darko, Fight Club, Run Lola Run, Being John Malkovich, Trainspotting, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a lynch movie.	The Straight Story
2 What else is that about?	David Lynch, lynch
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Mulholland Drive

1 Babe, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, The Man Who Wasn't There, Gone with the Wind, Election, and The Man in the Moon are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 Who does that star?	Toni Collette, Sophie Lee
3 I like Meryl Streep movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hope Springs

1 I really liked The Green Mile, Pulp Fiction, Shrek, The Matrix, Apollo 13, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and La Femme Nikita. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Close Shave
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I prefer Makoto Shinkai movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Voices of a Distant Star

1 Full Metal Jacket, Schindler's List, Trainspotting, Apocalypse Now, Back to the Future Part II, The Matrix, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for a last man on earth movie.	The Omega Man
2 Who does that star?	Charlton Heston
3 I prefer Will Smith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Am Legend

1 I like The Matrix and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 What else is that about?	Action, bd-r, dark, murder, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, brutal, Robert Rodriguez, Clive Owen, Elijah Wood, Jessica Alba, noir, Benicio Del Toro, Mickey Rourke, visual, Frank Miller, Rosario Dawson, prostitutes, 2, Rutger Hauer, Brittany Murphy, graphic novel, comic, Carla Gugino, Alexis Bledel, Michael Madsen, action thriller
3 I like Gretchen Mol movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Thirteenth Floor

1 Match Point, The King and I, Monster's Ball, Fat Albert, Seeking a Friend for the End of the World, A Nightmare on Elm Street, and Junior are movies I love. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	Elektra
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, marvel, Jennifer Garner, Frank Miller, Rob Bowman
3 I rate Aaron Eckhart movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dark Knight

1 I.Q., The Fugitive, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Santa Clause, A Goofy Movie, Beauty and the Beast, and Muppet Treasure Island are films I love. I'm looking for a Mervyn LeRoy movie.	Little Women
2 What else is that about?	classic, Mervyn LeRoy, Louisa May Alcott
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Gold Diggers of 1933

1 Sleeper, The English Patient, North by Northwest, Heathers, The Godfather, The Jungle Book, and Once Upon a Time in the West are movies I really like. I'm looking for a post-modern movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta

1 Pulp Fiction, Taxi Driver, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Clueless, Beverly Hills Cop III, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and The Celluloid Closet are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Wayne Knight movie.	To Die For
2 What else is that about?	r, Joaquin Phoenix, Wayne Knight

1 I really liked Torch Song Trilogy, The Sixth Sense, Boogie Nights, Psycho, The Shawshank Redemption, The Name of the Rose, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giuseppe Tornatore, cinema
3 I prefer Joe Mantegna movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Homicide

1 I love The Truman Show, Delicatessen, Fried Green Tomatoes, Miller's Crossing, Naked, The Piano, and A Grand Day Out. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Runaway Train
2 What else is that about?	andrei konchalovsky
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Warrior's Way

1 Richard III, Nixon, Fargo, and Heat are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Al Pacino movie.	City Hall
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Becker
3 I prefer James Foley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Glengarry Glen Ross

1 I loved Across the Universe, Bolt, Once, The Princess Bride, Love Actually, The Lion King, and Casablanca. I'm looking for an aids movie.	Rent
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I prefer David France movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Survive a Plague

1 I liked Smoke, Fargo, Bringing Up Baby, Casablanca, Henry V, Groundhog Day, and Grosse Pointe Blank. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Nancy Travis
3 I prefer Madeline Kahn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What's Up, Doc?

1 I love Victor Victoria, Gone with the Wind, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Young Frankenstein, The Lord of the Rings, The Yearling, and Dirty Dancing. I'm looking for a George Roy Hill movie.	The Sting
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, soundtrack, complicated, Robert Redford, Paul Newman, caper, con men, George Roy Hill, Robert Shaw, con, Sting, cons
3 I like Laurence Olivier movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Little Romance

1 Lake Placid, Deep Blue Sea, The Iron Giant, Entrapment, The 13th Warrior, Frequency, and Double Jeopardy are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Pacific Heights
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Melanie Griffith
3 I like dance movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Swan

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Silence of the Lambs, Clear and Present Danger, The Client, Lord of Illusions, Ghost, and Wolf are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Nell
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate Edward Furlong movies. Any other suggestions?	Animal Factory

1 La Haine, Schindler's List, The Straight Story, American History X, Dead Man Walking, American Beauty, and Almost Famous are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Apostle
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Duvall
3 I like Gurinder Chadha movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bhaji on the Beach

1 Megamind, Man Bites Dog, Million Dollar Baby, The Wolf of Wall Street, Dangerous Liaisons, Inglourious Basterds, and The Last King of Scotland are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Are You Here
2 Who does that star?	Owen Wilson
3 I rate Gene Wilder movies. Any other suggestions?	The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother

1 I really like Zodiac, For a Few Dollars More, Eden Lake, No Country for Old Men, Andrei Rublev, Spirited Away, and Cinema Paradiso. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Enter the Void
2 What else is that about?	psychedelic, Gaspar Noé
3 I rate Rolf de Heer movies. Any other suggestions?	The Quiet Room

1 I loved Stand by Me and The Shining. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bringing Up Baby

1 Cube, Spider-Man, Finding Neverland, Mrs. Doubtfire, Coyote Ugly, Scary Movie, and The NeverEnding Story are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Small Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I rate Steve Pink movies. Any other suggestions?	About Last Night

1 Legends of the Fall, Outbreak, Executive Decision, Rumble in the Bronx, Forget Paris, The Shawshank Redemption, and Showgirls are films I really liked. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I prefer Terry Zwigoff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Santa

1 Chinatown, Rear Window, Deliverance, Blue Velvet, Brazil, The Untouchables, and Citizen Kane are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Welcome to the Dollhouse
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Todd Solondz, Heather Matarazzo
3 I prefer Robert Redford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Candidate

1 The Sixth Sense, Men in Black, Pan's Labyrinth, Alien, A Fistful of Dollars, The Terminator, and The Princess Bride are films I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Outland
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Hyams
3 I prefer John Sturges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Backlash

1 I loved Spirited Away, The Matrix, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Les Misérables, Castle in the Sky, Akira, and Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind. I'm looking for a studio ghibli movie.	Princess Mononoke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Drama, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, Japanese, miyazaki, forest, Princess, gods, historical fantasy
3 I rate Family movies. Any other suggestions?	My Neighbors the Yamadas

1 I loved Pleasantville, Pearl Harbor, The Rock, Excalibur, Armageddon, Queen of the Damned, and Predator. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Iron Monkey
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Donnie Yen
3 I like Tom Dey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shanghai Noon

1 The Substitute, Elite Squad, Black Hawk Down, Harry Brown, Tears of the Sun, Centurion, and Dirty Harry are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The International
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Corruption, international, Tom Tykwer
3 I rate John Frankenheimer movies. Any other suggestions?	The Challenge

1 Toy Story, Mystery Men, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, High Noon, Babe, The Royal Tenenbaums, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I like. I'm looking for a satirical movie.	MASH
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I rate John Carpenter movies. Any other suggestions?	They Live

1 I liked The Sixth Sense, The Birds, Dances with Wolves, Gandhi, Almost Famous, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Aliens. I'm looking for a jesus movie.	The Passion of the Christ
2 What else is that about?	controversial, Mel Gibson, jesus, biblical, jesus christ, gross
3 I like Denys Arcand movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jesus of Montreal

1 There's Something About Mary, X-Men, The Shawshank Redemption, The Matrix, Die Hard, Grosse Pointe Blank, and GoldenEye are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I like Steven Seagal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Attack Force

1 I watched the films Taxi Driver, While You Were Sleeping, Crimson Tide, The Usual Suspects, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Pulp Fiction, and The Silence of the Lambs and loved them. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Othello
2 Who does that star?	Maggie Smith, Laurence Olivier, Frank Finlay, Joyce Redman

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Requiem for a Dream, White Men Can't Jump, The Truman Show, American Graffiti, The Godfather, and Y Tu Mamá También are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a colombia movie.	Maria Full of Grace
2 Who does that star?	Catalina Sandino Moreno

1 Casablanca, Election, Pulp Fiction, The World of Apu, The Fly, M, and Groundhog Day are films I loved. I'm looking for a Chaplin movie.	Monsieur Verdoux
2 What else is that about?	Charles Chaplin, Chaplin
3 I like charlie chaplin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Limelight

1 I loved The Ice Storm, The Matrix, The Prestige, Gods and Monsters, MASH, Signs, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I'm the One That I Want
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Margaret Cho
3 I rate John Leguizamo movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pest

1 Dirty Dancing, Brassed Off, Bend It Like Beckham, Some Like It Hot, Touch of Evil, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Pieces of April are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Monster
2 Who is that directed by?	Patty Jenkins
3 I rate Janicza Bravo movies. Any other suggestions?	Gregory Go Boom

1 Animal House, Braveheart, The Age of Innocence, The Last Samurai, The Sixth Sense, Schindler's List, and The Great Escape are films I like. I'm looking for a Chinese movie.	Hero
2 What else is that about?	china, Jet Li, wuxia, Chinese, zhang yimou
3 I prefer gay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Banquet

1 The Last Supper, Jerry Maguire, Set It Off, Shadow of Angels, Trees Lounge, Unhook the Stars, and The Secret Agent are films I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	For the Moment
2 Who is that directed by?	Aaron Kim Johnston
3 I like Stephen Frears movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Beautiful Laundrette

1 The Mask, Jurassic Park, Batman Forever, The Lion King, Waterworld, The Crow, and The Usual Suspects are movies I love. I'm looking for a Christopher Lambert movie.	Mortal Kombat
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Fighting, Christopher Lambert
3 I like queen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Highlander

1 Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, To Kill a Mockingbird, Dead Man Walking, When Harry Met Sally..., E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni
3 I rate Crispin Glover movies. Any other suggestions?	The Beaver Trilogy

1 I really like The Name of the Rose, Sin City, Pan's Labyrinth, Inception, District 9, Nine Queens, and The Butterfly Effect. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Secret in Their Eyes
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Crime, murder, r, rape, latin america, Spanish, argentina, foreign language, Juan José Campanella
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joshua

1 I love Best in Show, Gorillas in the Mist, Manhattan, Dead Man Walking, Beauty and the Beast, Bowling for Columbine, and Crimes and Misdemeanors. I'm looking for a Thomas McCarthy movie.	The Station Agent
2 What else is that about?	r, Train, Thomas McCarthy
3 I prefer Paul Giamatti movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Win Win

1 Fight Club, The Last Temptation of Christ, Dead Man, Alien, Heavenly Creatures, Brazil, and Suspicion are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lion in Winter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, historical, Anthony Hopkins, Peter O'Toole, Timothy Dalton, Katharine Hepburn, Anthony Harvey
3 I prefer Ingrid Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bells of St. Mary's

1 The Breakfast Club, Young Frankenstein, The Godfather, Braveheart, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Blues Brothers, and Tommy Boy are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Italian movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert De Niro
3 I prefer Sergio Leone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For a Few Dollars More

1 The Madness of King George, The Manchurian Candidate, The Hudsucker Proxy, Dead Poets Society, Raising Arizona, It's a Wonderful Life, and Unforgiven are movies I love. I'm looking for a Steven Zaillian movie.	Searching for Bobby Fischer
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Joan Allen, Joe Mantegna, Max Pomeranc
3 I rate Robert Duvall movies. Any other suggestions?	A Civil Action

1 Young Frankenstein, Election, Big, That Thing You Do!, The Abyss, Barcelona, and A Fish Called Wanda are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
2 What else is that about?	Romance, High School, ensemble cast, teen, Nicolas Cage, national film registry, directorial debut, Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Amy Heckerling, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, Ray Walston
3 I rate Romantic Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	The 40-Year-Old Virgin

1 Kick-Ass, Back to the Future Part II, Back to the Future, Winter's Bone, Moneyball, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Platoon are films I really like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Patsy
2 Who does that star?	Jerry Lewis
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Toy Story, Muriel's Wedding, Rumble in the Bronx, The Fugitive, Heat, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Copycat
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Sigourney Weaver
3 I prefer Tommy Lee Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	U.S. Marshals

1 Up, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Saving Private Ryan, V for Vendetta, Toy Story 2, The Wrong Trousers, and Princess Mononoke are films I really liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Dark Knight Rises
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, new york city, Christian Bale, ending, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, plot, Christopher Nolan, Anne Hathaway, cast, trilogy, Tom Hardy, bane, production
3 I rate Magic movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mask

1 Rosemary's Baby, Lawrence of Arabia, Alien, Blade Runner, Pan's Labyrinth, Spirited Away, and Apocalypse Now are films I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Akira
2 Who does that star?	Mami Koyama, Mitsuo Iwata, Nozomu Sasaki
3 I like Ken Watanabe movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Samurai

1 The Princess Bride, Ronin, Pulp Fiction, The Last Temptation of Christ, Patton, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Yojimbo are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Alec Guinness movie.	Kind Hearts and Coronets
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Hamer
3 I rate Ronald Neame movies. Any other suggestions?	Tunes of Glory

1 Pulp Fiction, The Matrix, Annie, The Crying Game, Dogville, Breaking the Waves, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I love. I'm looking for a psychiatrist movie.	Analyze This
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Billy Crystal
3 I prefer Richard Dreyfuss movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What About Bob?

1 The Fugitive, A Walk in the Clouds, The Negotiator, Sabrina, Forrest Gump, Forever Young, and My Cousin Vinny are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Perfect World
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Kevin Costner
3 I prefer Mark Robson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Champion

1 Alice in Wonderland, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sliding Doors, Life Is Beautiful, The King and I, The Princess Bride, and Finding Nemo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stripes
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, John Candy, Harold Ramis, Ivan Reitman
3 I like teen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Weird Science

1 I love Rabbit-Proof Fence, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Unbreakable, The Iron Giant, Toy Story, Punch-Drunk Love, and About a Boy. I'm looking for a god movie.	Oh, God!
2 What else is that about?	god, supermarket
3 I rate classic movies. Any other suggestions?	The Seventh Seal

1 I love The Ghost and the Darkness, Glory, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Fargo, Breakdown, The Fugitive, and Bedknobs and Broomsticks. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	Superman
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, superhero, comic book, franchise, super-hero, Gene Hackman, superheroes, Marlon Brando, dc comics, comics, Superman, comic books, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Donner, Ned Beatty, Glenn Ford
3 I rate Sean Connery movies. Any other suggestions?	The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen

1 Cabaret, Chinatown, The Right Stuff, Blue Velvet, The Truman Show, A Room with a View, and The Birds are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Vertigo
2 What else is that about?	classic, 70mm, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, San Francisco, California, bernard herrmann
3 I prefer Jessica Chastain movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Take Shelter

1 Gone with the Wind, Emma, Stand by Me, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Aladdin, The Lion King, and Duck Soup are films I really liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Fantasia
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, disney animated feature, classical music, classical, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I rate Eva Gabor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rescuers Down Under

1 The Fugitive, Powder, Schindler's List, Mr. Holland's Opus, Ghost, Tommy Boy, and Dangerous Minds are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mad Love
2 Who does that star?	Pilar López de Ayala, Daniele Liotti
3 I rate Greer Garson movies. Any other suggestions?	Goodbye, Mr. Chips

1 Taxi Driver, Eat Drink Man Woman, The Usual Suspects, Smoke Signals, Braveheart, Deconstructing Harry, and The Red Violin are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thomas Vinterberg movie.	The Celebration
2 What else is that about?	Family, suicide, birthday, Thomas Vinterberg
3 I prefer Mads Mikkelsen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hunt

1 West Side Story, Jurassic Park, The Graduate, Midnight Cowboy, Much Ado About Nothing, Jaws, and Dead Man Walking are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Eric Blore movie.	The Gay Divorcee
2 Who does that star?	Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Edward Everett Horton, Alice Brady
3 I prefer Erik Rhodes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Top Hat

1 Big, Signs, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, Red Dragon, and Titanic are movies I liked. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	The Pride of the Yankees
2 Who does that star?	Gary Cooper, Teresa Wright, Walter Brennan, Babe Ruth
3 I prefer Tommy Lee Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cobb

1 I watched the films Citizen Kane, Run Lola Run, The Limey, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Bulworth, The Blues Brothers, and Rushmore and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Real Genius
2 What else is that about?	genius, Val Kilmer, Martha Coolidge
3 I prefer George Carlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jersey Girl

1 Fight Club, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Godfather, Citizen Kane, The Royal Tenenbaums, Blazing Saddles, and Face/Off are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Gone with the Wind
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, War, black and white, historical, Love, national film registry, Epic, own, civil war, american civil war, favorite, best picture, George Cukor, Sam Wood, Clark Gable, Victor Fleming, Olivia de Havilland, Leslie Howard, Vivien Leigh, south
3 I rate Roman Polanski movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pianist

1 I love The Gods Must Be Crazy, Dangerous Liaisons, Heathers, Grosse Pointe Blank, Emma, The Full Monty, and The Graduate. I'm looking for a red curtain trilogy movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 Who is that directed by?	Baz Luhrmann

1 I loved The Great Escape, The Hunt for Red October, The Mission, Notting Hill, It's a Wonderful Life, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a John Lasseter movie.	Toy Story 2
2 Who does that star?	Joan Cusack
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story

1 Vertigo, Fantasia, The Maltese Falcon, Reservoir Dogs, Citizen Kane, The Ruling Class, and Emma are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Death and the Maiden
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I rate Tommy Lee Wallace movies. Any other suggestions?	Aloha Summer

1 MASH, Citizen Kane, Jaws, Ugetsu, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, Blazing Saddles, and The Elephant Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	In Cold Blood
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Brooks
3 I prefer Terrence Malick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Days of Heaven

1 Airplane!, Dog Day Afternoon, Psycho, Gosford Park, Monsoon Wedding, Chicken Run, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket
3 I prefer Buster Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Love Nest

1 I like Say Anything..., The Wizard of Oz, The Seventh Seal, Local Hero, The Godfather, Lone Star, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flirting with Disaster
2 Who is that directed by?	David O. Russell
3 I rate Dick Maas movies. Any other suggestions?	Flodder 3

1 The Little Princess, Private Parts, Hercules, Mary Poppins, Sneakers, Analyze This, and First Kid are movies I love. I'm looking for a History movie.	Ben-Hur
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I like Tony Richardson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tom Jones

1 Casablanca, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, American History X, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Matrix, A Few Good Men, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I love. I'm looking for a holy grail movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

1 Taxi Driver, The Silence of the Lambs, The Big Lebowski, Misery, The Matrix, and Being John Malkovich are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Wild Things
2 Who is that directed by?	John McNaughton
3 I like Joe Roth movies more. Do you know anything else?	Freedomland

1 I love Far from Heaven, To Catch a Thief, On the Waterfront, Fahrenheit 451, Platoon, Contact, and The Manchurian Candidate. I'm looking for a Western movie.	One-Eyed Jacks
2 Who does that star?	Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, Ben Johnson, Katy Jurado
3 I like John Wayne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lawless Range

1 I liked Double Indemnity, North by Northwest, Titanic, Bringing Up Baby, Rear Window, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Henry Koster movie.	My Man Godfrey
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Koster

1 Legends of the Fall, Disclosure, Clear and Present Danger, Stargate, Tombstone, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Santa Clause are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Net
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Irwin Winkler
3 I rate Steven Seagal movies. Any other suggestions?	Under Siege

1 I loved The Firm, Twister, Toy Story, Casper, Dangerous Minds, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Philadelphia. I'm looking for a John Lithgow movie.	Cliffhanger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, mountains, Renny Harlin, John Lithgow, harlin
3 I rate bernard herrmann movies. Any other suggestions?	Obsession

1 Back to the Future, Back to the Future Part III, Hellboy, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Grindhouse, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Truman Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly
3 I prefer Roberto Rossellini movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rome, Open City

1 I liked The Wizard of Oz, James and the Giant Peach, Doctor Zhivago, West Side Story, The Sound of Music, Schindler's List, and Dead Poets Society. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ordinary People
2 What else is that about?	Family, Robert Redford, Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Timothy Hutton
3 I like serial killer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tony

1 The Terminator, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Village of the Damned, The Hunt for Red October, Atlantic City, and Raging Bull are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The General
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Gleeson, Adrian Dunbar
3 I prefer Michael Douglas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Falling Down

1 I really liked Superman, The Breakfast Club, The Untouchables, Titanic, An American Werewolf in London, Reservoir Dogs, and Superman II. I'm looking for a War movie.	Born on the Fourth of July
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I like Ellen Spiro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Body of War

1 I watched the films The Kid, The Producers, The Celebration, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, L.I.E., Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, and The NeverEnding Story and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Elephant
2 What else is that about?	High School, dialogue, Gus Van Sant, massacre, school shooting
3 I prefer Steve McQueen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cincinnati Kid

1 The Shawshank Redemption, A Christmas Story, American History X, To Kill a Mockingbird, Life Is Beautiful, Braveheart, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an own movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I like Morgan Spurlock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Super Size Me

1 Monsoon Wedding, The Crying Game, Back to the Future, Love and Other Catastrophes, Casablanca, Pretty Woman, and From Here to Eternity are movies I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Mackenna's Gold
2 What else is that about?	super panavision 70
3 I like Budd Boetticher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Buchanan Rides Alone

1 Daylight, A Beautiful Mind, Masters of the Universe, Charlie's Angels, The Fast and the Furious, Superman, and The Secret of NIMH are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Banger Sisters
2 What else is that about?	Geoffrey Rush, Susan Sarandon, Goldie Hawn
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Don't Drink the Water

1 Happy Gilmore, Mrs. Doubtfire, Schindler's List, Almost Famous, Ghost, Pretty Woman, and Grumpy Old Men are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Misery
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, Stephen King, Rob Reiner, Kathy Bates, James Caan, Lauren Bacall
3 I prefer Kelly Hu movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Tournament

1 Leaving Las Vegas, The Silence of the Lambs, Apollo 13, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, and Dead Man Walking are movies I love. I'm looking for a Tony Scott movie.	Crimson Tide
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Denzel Washington, Submarine, Gene Hackman, Tony Scott
3 I like spy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spy Game

1 Farewell My Concubine, Schindler's List, The Deer Hunter, Mighty Aphrodite, The English Patient, Sleeper, and Basquiat are films I like. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Surviving Picasso
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins
3 I like Speed movies more. Do you know anything else?	The World's Fastest Indian

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, A Bronx Tale, Walk the Line, Schindler's List, Pan's Labyrinth, Spider-Man, and 12 Angry Men are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Sicko
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, france, Michael Moore, canada, united states, Cuba, health care, insurance
3 I like Race movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dust to Glory

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, and While You Were Sleeping are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Crimson Tide
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Denzel Washington, Submarine, Gene Hackman, Tony Scott
3 I prefer indiana movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hoosiers

1 Dead Poets Society, The Princess Bride, Finding Nemo, Big Fish, The Wizard of Oz, Gladiator, and West Side Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a germany movie.	Defiance
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell
3 I like Lee Marvin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ship of Fools

1 I loved Goldfinger, Hard Boiled, Eastern Promises, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, Harold and Maude, The Birds, and Talk to Her. I'm looking for a Satoshi Kon movie.	Paprika
2 What else is that about?	r, soundtrack, Dreams, Satoshi Kon, susumu hirasawa
3 I like anime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tokyo Godfathers

1 I really liked Total Recall, The Fly, Predator, In the Line of Fire, Batman, Coming to America, and The Matrix. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Equilibrium
2 Who is that directed by?	Kurt Wimmer
3 I rate Don Coscarelli movies. Any other suggestions?	Phantasm II

1 I loved Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sneakers, Shrek, The Sixth Sense, Princess Mononoke, The Abyss, and Galaxy Quest. I'm looking for a Michelle Pfeiffer movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I like Beau Bridges movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fabulous Baker Boys

1 A Matter of Loaf and Death, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Iron Giant, Annie Hall, The Wrong Trousers, Mary and Max, and Spirited Away are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Steve Coogan movie.	Despicable Me 2
2 What else is that about?	Steve Carell, Steve Coogan, Kristen Wiig, Russell Brand, Ken Jeong, minions, Chris Renaud, Benjamin Bratt
3 I prefer High School movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hamlet 2

1 Muppets from Space, Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!, Amistad, The Grifters, Dazed and Confused, Happy, Texas, and Unstrung Heroes are movies I love. I'm looking for a John Waters movie.	Pecker
2 Who does that star?	Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci
3 I like Matthew Lillard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Serial Mom

1 I love Saving Private Ryan, The Siege, Antz, The Juror, Aliens, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Patton. I'm looking for a William Hurt movie.	Body Heat
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, noir, William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Lawrence Kasdan, Richard Crenna
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lost in Space

1 Forrest Gump, Twister, Schindler's List, Broken Arrow, Crimson Tide, Braveheart, and Independence Day are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Waterworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Reynolds
3 I rate Paul Greengrass movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Ultimatum

1 Rocky, Shakespeare in Love, Miller's Crossing, Goodfellas, Midnight Run, The Big Lebowski, and Annie Hall are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade
3 I rate drugs movies. Any other suggestions?	Side Effects

1 The Godfather, Inception, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Wild at Heart, Happy Gilmore, Brave, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I like. I'm looking for a Taylor Kitsch movie.	John Carter
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Stanton
3 I prefer Don McKellar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Grand Seduction

1 The Fugitive, The Sixth Sense, Toy Story 2, In the Line of Fire, The Godfather, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John G. Avildsen movie.	Rocky
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sports, boxing, Sylvester Stallone, best picture, Carl Weathers, Philadelphia, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, Talia Shire, John G. Avildsen, stallone

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Blade Runner, Muriel's Wedding, Desperado, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are films I loved. I'm looking for a Christina Ricci movie.	Addams Family Values
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Macabre, Anjelica Huston, Joan Cusack, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I rate Thora Birch movies. Any other suggestions?	Now and Then

1 Out of Africa, Grand Canyon, Boys on the Side, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Running on Empty, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Brokedown Palace are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Ian McKellen movie.	The Ballad of Little Jo
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Ian McKellen
3 I like superhero team movies more. Do you know anything else?	X-Men

1 American History X, Frankenstein, Being There, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Rushmore, A Clockwork Orange, and Dogma are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Caddyshack
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, sports, golf, Chevy Chase, Harold Ramis, Rodney Dangerfield
3 I like Brian Levant movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beethoven

1 Goodfellas, Jackie Brown, Three Kings, American Beauty, Babe, Natural Born Killers, and Awakenings are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Singleton movie.	Shaft
2 Who is that directed by?	John Singleton

1 Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, Dead Man Walking, Braveheart, True Romance, and Fargo are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer Sam Worthington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wrath of the Titans

1 I watched the films The Illusionist, Iron Man, Wild Things, Kick-Ass, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Bourne Identity, and Back to the Future and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Kiss of the Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, Dragon, Jet Li
3 I rate Mark Neveldine movies. Any other suggestions?	Crank

1 The Last Dragon, The Notebook, The Hunger Games, The Matrix, The Departed, Fight Club, and Kick-Ass are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Let's Be Cops
2 What else is that about?	Police
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	The French Connection

1 Being John Malkovich, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, Atlantic City, The Last of the Mohicans, To Kill a Mockingbird, Blade Runner, and Witness are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I rate Morgan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 Clerks, Fargo, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, and Schindler's List are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I prefer Yvonne Strahovski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killer Elite

1 Speed, Forrest Gump, Sense and Sensibility, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Cinderella, Mulan, and I.Q. are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Enemy of the State
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Will Smith, Gene Hackman, cover up, Tony Scott, jerry bruckheimer
3 I rate ending movies. Any other suggestions?	Mulholland Drive

1 I loved The Shop Around the Corner, Trainspotting, Charade, La Grande Illusion, The 400 Blows, The Seventh Seal, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Lady Eve
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, screwball comedy, screwball, Henry Fonda, Barbara Stanwyck, Preston Sturges
3 I like Rob Schneider movies more. Do you know anything else?	50 First Dates

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, Love Affair, American History X, Double Jeopardy, Sleepless in Seattle, The Truman Show, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Family Man
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Téa Leoni
3 I prefer James Mason movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forever, Darling

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Reservoir Dogs, The Silence of the Lambs, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pulp Fiction, Falling Down, and The Terminator are movies I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Lord of War
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer Curtis Hanson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	L.A. Confidential

1 I really like The Firm, True Lies, Braveheart, Sleepless in Seattle, While You Were Sleeping, Babe, and Legends of the Fall. I'm looking for a characters movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I rate sydney movies. Any other suggestions?	Lantana

1 I loved The Shining, Ordinary People, American Beauty, The Killing Fields, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sid and Nancy, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Life as a Dog
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Swedish, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate Michael Winterbottom movies. Any other suggestions?	Wonderland

1 I really liked Source Code, The Departed, Superbad, The Good Shepherd, Collateral, Cast Away, and Donnie Brasco. I'm looking for an István Szabó movie.	Sunshine
2 Who is that directed by?	István Szabó

1 I love Good Morning, Vietnam, The Man with the Golden Gun, The Dirty Dozen, From Russia with Love, Heathers, The Great Escape, and Sneakers. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rope
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I rate Nash Edgerton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Square

1 I really like Die Hard, The Blair Witch Project, Friday, The Shawshank Redemption, Get Shorty, L.A. Confidential, and Starship Troopers. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The General
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Gleeson, Adrian Dunbar
3 I prefer Ben Kingsley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bugsy

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Airplane!, 10 Things I Hate About You, The Breakfast Club, Finding Nemo, Cast Away, and Unbreakable are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Ingrid Bergman movie.	Anastasia
2 Who is that directed by?	Anatole Litvak
3 I prefer Sam Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For Whom the Bell Tolls

1 Harold and Maude, Six Degrees of Separation, Waking Life, Airplane!, Blue Velvet, The Hustler, and MASH are movies I love. I'm looking for a Martin Scorsese movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, controversial, jesus, christian, biblical, jesus christ, scorsese
3 I like new york city movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taxi Driver

1 House of Games, Casablanca, Breaking Away, The Silence of the Lambs, Sleeper, Almost Famous, and The Grapes of Wrath are movies I really like. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Lion King
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I prefer Roberto Benigni movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life Is Beautiful

1 The Philadelphia Story, Chinatown, The Departed, Aladdin, Rear Window, All About Eve, and The African Queen are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bonnie and Clyde
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Faye Dunaway, Warren Beatty, Michael J. Pollard
3 I prefer Peter Stormare movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Small Town Murder Songs

1 Babe, Emma, Forrest Gump, Pinocchio, The Bridges of Madison County, Fargo, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Shining, The Princess Bride, Vertigo, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Jaws, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Throne of Blood
2 What else is that about?	japan, shakespeare, Akira Kurosawa, Japanese, kurosawa, Macbeth, feudal japan
3 I rate George Carlin movies. Any other suggestions?	Jersey Girl

1 To Die For, Bulworth, The Game, Lone Star, The Spanish Prisoner, My Fair Lady, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 What else is that about?	lesbian
3 I like Mary Stuart Masterson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fried Green Tomatoes

1 A Close Shave, The Manchurian Candidate, The Unforgiven, Red Beard, Secretary, A Grand Day Out, and Sanjuro are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Winterbottom movie.	Code 46
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Winterbottom

1 I liked Apocalypse Now, A Clockwork Orange, The Big Sleep, The King of Comedy, Andrei Rublev, Man Bites Dog, and Rififi. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Last Days
2 What else is that about?	Gus Van Sant, kurt cobain
3 I rate Hans Petter Moland movies. Any other suggestions?	Aberdeen

1 Batman, The Iron Giant, Caddyshack, Animal House, Bambi, Gladiator, and The Adventures of Robin Hood are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Scary Movie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Horror, parody, spoof, Keenen Ivory Wayans
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	She Done Him Wrong

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, A Clockwork Orange, Storytelling, Serial Mom, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and The Craft are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pumpkin
2 Who does that star?	Christina Ricci
3 I prefer Skip Hinnant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat

1 The English Patient, Rain Man, Forrest Gump, Raging Bull, Schindler's List, Mulan, and Notting Hill are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	City of Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I like Phil Alden Robinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Field of Dreams

1 The Godfather, The Best Years of Our Lives, Some Like It Hot, Roman Holiday, Babette's Feast, Gandhi, and The Princess Bride are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	And Then There Were None
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Agatha Christie, René Clair
3 I like Neil Simon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Murder by Death

1 I love Pi, Before Sunrise, Donnie Darko, The Butterfly Effect, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing, Fight Club, and Before Sunset. I'm looking for a dialogue movie.	The Man from Earth
2 Who does that star?	David Lee Smith
3 I rate Sylvester Stallone movies. Any other suggestions?	The Expendables

1 I watched the films Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Red Shoes, Frankenstein, The Wizard of Oz, Ed Wood, Charade, and The Uninvited and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Last Holiday
2 Who is that directed by?	Wayne Wang
3 I prefer Billy Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crazy Safari

1 Life Is Beautiful, In the Name of the Father, Full Metal Jacket, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Blazing Saddles, Carlito's Way, and Army of Darkness are films I really like. I'm looking for a kurt vonnegut movie.	Mother Night
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, kurt vonnegut
3 I like George Roy Hill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Slaughterhouse-Five

1 The Pawnbroker, The Thing from Another World, The Grifters, A Fish Called Wanda, The Daytrippers, Breaking Away, and The Sting are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All About Eve
2 Who does that star?	George Sanders, Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, Celeste Holm
3 I prefer Greer Garson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mrs. Parkington

1 I loved Dream with the Fishes, Pulp Fiction, Ulee's Gold, Beauty and the Beast, The Juror, Primal Fear, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a John Leguizamo movie.	The Pest
2 What else is that about?	John Leguizamo
3 I rate Jason Schwartzman movies. Any other suggestions?	Spun

1 I really like Reservoir Dogs, The Matrix, Rocky, The Commitments, The Manchurian Candidate, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rain Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Sofia Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Virgin Suicides

1 I liked Dances with Wolves, The Shawshank Redemption, Sense and Sensibility, Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, and Tombstone. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, book, affair, iowa
3 I prefer Andrea Arnold movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fish Tank

1 I really liked Hero, Lost in Translation, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Once Upon a Time in the West, Das Boot, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Mulholland Drive
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Thriller, Mystery, ending, los angeles, amnesia, David Lynch, hollywood, Naomi Watts, lynch, cryptic
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Savages

1 I liked Touch of Evil, Election, The Last Emperor, Airplane!, Citizen Kane, Welcome to the Dollhouse, and An American in Paris. I'm looking for a Frank Capra movie.	Lost Horizon
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Frank Capra
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pocketful of Miracles

1 The Silence of the Lambs, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, Speed, Tombstone, Braveheart, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Broken Arrow
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I prefer Henry King movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Winning of Barbara Worth

1 The Lion King, Braveheart, Babe, The Silence of the Lambs, Strange Days, The Shawshank Redemption, and True Romance are films I loved. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Species
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Forest Whitaker, Alfred Molina, Michael Madsen
3 I rate Jeff Bridges movies. Any other suggestions?	K-PAX

1 I really like The Green Mile, L.A. Confidential, Lethal Weapon 2, Alien, Back to the Future Part III, Total Recall, and We Were Soldiers. I'm looking for a Todd Phillips movie.	Road Trip
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Road Trip, Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Ken Jeong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hangover Part III

1 Lifeboat, Antz, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Princess Bride, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, A Bug's Life, and The Wizard of Oz are films I loved. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Aliens
2 What else is that about?	Action, Aliens, Horror, franchise, sequel, science fiction, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, James Cameron, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, Paul Reiser, planet
3 I prefer light movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Toy Story 2

1 Speed, The Fugitive, Philadelphia, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, and Ghost are films I loved. I'm looking for an Elizabeth Perkins movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I prefer Penny Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big

1 I like Pulp Fiction, Scarface, American Beauty, The Dark Knight, Planet of the Apes, District 9, and Shaun of the Dead. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Across the Universe
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Evan Rachel Wood, Jim Sturgess, Julie Taymor
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Water Drops on Burning Rocks

1 Blood Diamond, Titanic, Braveheart, Shooter, Iron Man, Casino Royale, and Shrek are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Swordfish
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, John Travolta, Don Cheadle, Halle Berry
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Criminal Law

1 I like Gladiator, Office Space, The Breakfast Club, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a vietnam war movie.	Platoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I rate Ted Kotcheff movies. Any other suggestions?	Uncommon Valor

1 I really like My Neighbor Totoro, Whisper of the Heart, The Great Mouse Detective, King Kong, Spirited Away, Castle in the Sky, and Inception. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya
2 What else is that about?	Animation, japan
3 I like mouse movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Great Mouse Detective

1 I love Inception, Lawrence of Arabia, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, story, Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, photography, civil war, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Italian, american civil war, gunfight, Gold, hanging, Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer Don Siegel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Two Mules for Sister Sara

1 I liked The Mission, Batman Returns, Spider-Man, Batman, The Little Shop of Horrors, Labyrinth, and The Italian Job. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Friday Night Lights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, High School, sports, football, Peter Berg, espy award
3 I rate Francis Ford Coppola movies. Any other suggestions?	Peggy Sue Got Married

1 I really liked Mansfield Park, My Left Foot, American Beauty, Traffic, The Sound of Music, Rudy, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nurse Betty
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Renée Zellweger, Greg Kinnear, Chris Rock
3 I prefer Emma Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hotel for Dogs

1 Batman Begins, Back to the Future, The Terminator, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Beauty and the Beast, Almost Famous, and The Fifth Element are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I prefer Steve Miner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lake Placid

1 The Princess Bride, Strictly Ballroom, Pulp Fiction, The Basketball Diaries, and Before Sunrise are films I love. I'm looking for a Claire Danes movie.	Romeo + Juliet
2 What else is that about?	Leonardo DiCaprio, shakespeare, romantic, Claire Danes, Baz Luhrmann
3 I like Sean Penn movies more. Do you know anything else?	It's All About Love

1 Run Lola Run, The Philadelphia Story, American Beauty, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Midnight Express, Bananas, and Taxi Driver are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tom Waits movie.	Down by Law
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I rate Terry Gilliam movies. Any other suggestions?	The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus

1 I liked Contact, Sliding Doors, Home Alone, The Matrix, Erin Brockovich, Speed, and Pretty Woman. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Sphere
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Samuel L. Jackson, Dustin Hoffman, Michael Crichton, Barry Levinson
3 I like visual effects movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jurassic Park III

1 I love Jurassic Park, Blade Runner, The Third Man, The Great Santini, The African Queen, Saving Private Ryan, and Trading Places. I'm looking for a Tom Berenger movie.	Sliver
2 What else is that about?	Sharon Stone, Tom Berenger
3 I prefer War movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dogs of War

1 I loved Trust, Das Boot, The Piano, The Butcher Boy, The Crying Game, The Remains of the Day, and High Art. I'm looking for an Alexander Payne movie.	Citizen Ruth
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, abortion, Alexander Payne
3 I prefer Life movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	About Schmidt

1 The Crying Game, Apocalypse Now, Delicatessen, La Femme Nikita, Shine, Smoke, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I like. I'm looking for a Virginia Woolf movie.	Orlando
2 What else is that about?	Tilda Swinton, Virginia Woolf
3 I like women movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hours

1 Awakenings, Girl, Interrupted, Sleepers, Schindler's List, Meet Joe Black, American Pie, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rebecca De Mornay movie.	The Hand That Rocks the Cradle
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, nanny, Curtis Hanson, Rebecca De Mornay

1 Jurassic Park, The Usual Suspects, A Close Shave, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Lion King, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Piano are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Australia, wedding, australian, Toni Collette, Rachel Griffiths
3 I rate Casey Affleck movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Kiss

1 Cinema Paradiso, Fried Green Tomatoes, Swiss Family Robinson, The Piano, Top Gun, Jeffrey, and The Sting are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Favorite Year
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole, Jessica Harper, Joseph Bologna
3 I rate Eddie Griffin movies. Any other suggestions?	Blast

1 I like Fantasia, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Alien, Jackie Brown, Help!, Hard Boiled, and Pale Rider. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	Dead Man
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Western, Jim Jarmusch, Lance Henriksen, John Hurt, Iggy Pop
3 I rate Tim Burton movies. Any other suggestions?	Ed Wood

1 Mean Girls, Peter Pan, The Notebook, Cinderella, Miss Congeniality, Rear Window, and Chicago are films I liked. I'm looking for a David Frankel movie.	The Devil Wears Prada
2 Who is that directed by?	David Frankel

1 I love Kramer vs. Kramer, Driving Miss Daisy, Super Size Me, Chinatown, The Last of the Mohicans, The Shawshank Redemption, and Good Will Hunting. I'm looking for a Patrick Swayze movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly
3 I prefer teen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dirty Dancing

1 Chocolat, Steel Magnolias, The Princess Bride, Bowling for Columbine, After the Sunset, Ocean's Eleven, and The Social Network are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	P.S. I Love You
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard LaGravenese
3 I rate Vadim Perelman movies. Any other suggestions?	House of Sand and Fog

1 I liked The Lady Eve, Ordinary People, On the Town, The Elephant Man, Some Like It Hot, Shadow of a Doubt, and An American in Paris. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Ninotchka
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Paris, soviet union, Ernst Lubitsch, Greta Garbo, Melvyn Douglas
3 I rate prehistoric movies. Any other suggestions?	Prehistoric Women

1 I really liked Forrest Gump, The Piano, In the Line of Fire, Dead Man Walking, Hoop Dreams, Braveheart, and Six Degrees of Separation. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Sean Anders movies. Any other suggestions?	That's My Boy

1 I loved Django Unchained, I Am Legend, Independence Day, Gravity, Wild Wild West, and The Dark Knight Rises. I'm looking for a David Ayer movie.	End of Watch
2 What else is that about?	friendship, Police, Jake Gyllenhaal, David Ayer
3 I prefer Christian Bale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harsh Times

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, WarGames, The Matrix, Weird Science, The Jewel of the Nile, When Harry Met Sally..., and Escape from New York are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Biehn movie.	The Terminator
2 What else is that about?	Action, future, assassin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn
3 I prefer based on a play movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	K2

1 I like X-Men, Aliens, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, The Fifth Element, Back to the Future, and 300. I'm looking for a Jean Negulesco movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Humoresque

1 Dr. No, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Das Boot, Ben-Hur, Seven Samurai, Goldfinger, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I like. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Drunken Master
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Chan
3 I like Anita Mui movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rumble in the Bronx

1 The Jewel of the Nile, Excalibur, The Lord of the Rings, Herbie Rides Again, Patriot Games, The Muppet Christmas Carol, and Doctor Dolittle are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Inspector General
2 What else is that about?	Danny Kaye, Henry Koster
3 I prefer Jonathan Lynn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nuns on the Run

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Scarface, Halloween, Gremlins, Fatal Attraction, The Deer Hunter, and Stand by Me are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Near Dark
2 Who does that star?	Jenny Wright, Adrian Pasdar
3 I rate Jane Russell movies. Any other suggestions?	Son of Paleface

1 Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, Apocalypse Now, Reservoir Dogs, The Terminator, Once Were Warriors, and Goodfellas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Casino
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, las vegas, Casino, Sharon Stone, mob, Joe Pesci, vegas
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Savages

1 I loved Sophie's Choice, Dances with Wolves, The Grapes of Wrath, The Killing Fields, Heartburn, American Graffiti, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Left Foot
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Karan Johar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...

1 Ocean's Twelve, Ghost in the Shell, The Fugitive, The Patriot, Signs, Taxi Driver, and All About My Mother are movies I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Contempt
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Oscar

1 I liked Grease, Blade Runner, The Blues Brothers, Some Like It Hot, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wrong Trousers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Short, Fun, animated, aardman, sf, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I like Richard Lester movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ritz

1 I love Husbands and Wives, My Left Foot, The Changeling, The Celebration, American Pie, Requiem for a Dream, and The Last Unicorn. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Vanishing
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Vanilla Sky

1 GoldenEye, The Fugitive, The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Cliffhanger, Toy Story, and Aladdin are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	The Client
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon, John Grisham, Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer Gene Hackman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Runaway Jury

1 Men in Black, The Usual Suspects, Desperado, Jurassic Park, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Phenomenon, and Primal Fear are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Ransom
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Henry Hathaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	23 Paces to Baker Street

1 Braveheart, Good Will Hunting, Gattaca, The Terminator, Say Anything..., Saving Private Ryan, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bottle Rocket
2 What else is that about?	Crime, directorial debut, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Luke Wilson
3 I like Josef von Sternberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crime and Punishment

1 Papillon, The Sting, Casablanca, La Grande Illusion, Strictly Ballroom, Central Station, and Babe are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bayou movie.	Down by Law
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch

1 The Time Traveler's Wife, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Mean Girls, Australia, Toy Story 3, Rent, and Up are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Zach Braff movie.	Garden State
2 Who does that star?	Zach Braff
3 I like Amanda Peet movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ex

1 The Piano, Philadelphia, Hoop Dreams, Eat Drink Man Woman, Mighty Aphrodite, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Dial M for Murder are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Manhattan movie.	Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle
2 What else is that about?	writers, Manhattan
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Manhattan

1 I like The Shining, The Doors, Face/Off, Kramer vs. Kramer, Frankenstein, Ben-Hur, and In the Line of Fire. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Picnic
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Joshua Logan
3 I prefer Vincent Price movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	House of Usher

1 Aliens, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Fugitive, Sense and Sensibility, Stargate, The English Patient, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Evita
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I rate Glendyn Ivin movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Ride

1 The Godfather, Napoleon Dynamite, Dogville, Grave of the Fireflies, Au Hasard Balthazar, Bringing Up Baby, and Punch-Drunk Love are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Make Way for Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Leo McCarey
3 I rate Vince Vaughn movies. Any other suggestions?	Delivery Man

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, True Romance, Deep Cover, Blazing Saddles, Carlito's Way, Reservoir Dogs, and Alien and loved them. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	Stand Up Guys
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken
3 I rate David Cronenberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dead Zone

1 Wag the Dog, Rear Window, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Seven Samurai, and The Departed are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur, Edward Arnold
3 I rate Jonathan Zaccaï movies. Any other suggestions?	Private Lessons

1 High Noon, M, Annie Hall, City Lights, Raiders of the Lost Ark, On the Waterfront, and The Manchurian Candidate are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Get Out Your Handkerchiefs
2 Who is that directed by?	Bertrand Blier
3 I rate Allan Moyle movies. Any other suggestions?	New Waterford Girl

1 Bonnie and Clyde, Angel Heart, Casino Royale, Cool Hand Luke, Citizen Kane, Midnight Express, and City of God are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Empire of the Sun
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, John Malkovich, Miranda Richardson, Nigel Havers
3 I like Christoph Waltz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inglourious Basterds

1 Poltergeist, Seven Samurai, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Deliverance, Yojimbo, Rosemary's Baby, and Dr. No are films I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Night Porter
2 Who does that star?	Charlotte Rampling, Dirk Bogarde

1 I like Psycho, Annie Hall, Duck Soup, Dog Day Afternoon, Cool Hand Luke, and Sleeper. I'm looking for a Janet Leigh movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I rate James Stewart movies. Any other suggestions?	The Naked Spur

1 Henry V, Little Voice, A Close Shave, The Wizard of Oz, Labyrinth, A Fish Called Wanda, and The Wrong Trousers are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tim Curry movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, national film registry, cult, Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry
3 I prefer Billy Connolly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Muppet Treasure Island

1 I watched the films Accattone, Wuthering Heights, Raging Bull, The Asphalt Jungle, Blade Runner, The Spirit of the Beehive, and The Matrix and loved them. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Red Balloon
2 What else is that about?	Paris
3 I like Scarlett Johansson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prestige

1 I like Office Space, Big Trouble in Little China, Sabrina, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Highlander, Modern Times, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for an Anthony Mann movie.	The Man from Laramie
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Mann
3 I rate Walter Huston movies. Any other suggestions?	The Furies

1 I really liked Jurassic Park, Driving Miss Daisy, The Full Monty, A Beautiful Mind, The Breakfast Club, The Princess Bride, and Independence Day. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Michael Winterbottom movies more. Do you know anything else?	24 Hour Party People

1 Fantasia, Lolita, Feast of July, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Mr. Mom, Trainspotting, and Big are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I rate Perry Henzell movies. Any other suggestions?	The Harder They Come

1 Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, GoldenEye, Jurassic Park, Speed, Clear and Present Danger, and In the Line of Fire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer Animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cars

1 The Shining, Witness, American Pie, Philadelphia, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Taxi Driver, and The Wizard of Oz are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Time to Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I like Gary Lundgren movies more. Do you know anything else?	Redwood Highway

1 I liked The Exorcist, Man Bites Dog, The Piano, Stranger Than Paradise, Fight Club, Eat Drink Man Woman, and Barfly. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Caddyshack
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I rate Karyn Kusama movies. Any other suggestions?	Girlfight

1 I watched the films Sense and Sensibility, Eat Drink Man Woman, Barcelona, The Usual Suspects, The City of Lost Children, Belle de Jour, and Once Were Warriors and loved them. I'm looking for a Peter Jackson movie.	Heavenly Creatures
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I like Neill Blomkamp movies more. Do you know anything else?	District 9

1 The Terminator, National Lampoon's Vacation, Cold Mountain, Jaws, Life as a House, The Green Mile, and Jurassic Park are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Monster
2 Who is that directed by?	Patty Jenkins
3 I like Guy Ritchie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sherlock Holmes

1 The Lion King, Aladdin, Apollo 13, Stargate, While You Were Sleeping, Independence Day, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Bay
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Firefox

1 I watched the films The Terminator, Amélie, Life Is Beautiful, Sherlock Holmes, Fight Club, Temple Grandin, and The Fugitive and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	How to Train Your Dragon 2
2 What else is that about?	Animation, sequel, animated, dragons, Jonah Hill, Gerard Butler, vikings, Jay Baruchel, cat, Dean DeBlois, Craig Ferguson
3 I rate dreamworks movies. Any other suggestions?	Kung Fu Panda

1 The Asphalt Jungle, Papillon, His Girl Friday, On the Waterfront, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are movies I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Wrong Man
2 Who does that star?	Vera Miles, Henry Fonda
3 I like Robert Redford movies more. Do you know anything else?	All the President's Men

1 I really like Braveheart, The Firm, Jurassic Park, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I prefer John Frankenheimer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ronin

1 I loved Sense and Sensibility, Life Is Beautiful, Chicago, The Silence of the Lambs, The Wrong Trousers, The Shawshank Redemption, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a courtesan movie.	Dangerous Beauty
2 What else is that about?	venice, courtesan, Oliver Platt
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	Gigi

1 Big, American Beauty, Rushmore, Speed, Cool Hand Luke, Annie Hall, and Psycho are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	All Quiet on the Western Front
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone
3 I prefer Russell Mulcahy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lost Battalion

1 Bowfinger, Some Like It Hot, Heat, The Usual Suspects, Field of Dreams, The Crying Game, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang

1 True Lies, Pulp Fiction, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I rate united kingdom movies. Any other suggestions?	Trainspotting

1 I watched the films Selena, Dark City, Back to the Future, Raiders of the Lost Ark, There's Something About Mary, Scream, and Blade and loved them. I'm looking for a party movie.	Can't Hardly Wait
2 Who is that directed by?	Deborah Kaplan, Harry Elfont
3 I rate Nima Nourizadeh movies. Any other suggestions?	Project X

1 The Usual Suspects, GoldenEye, Forrest Gump, Miracle on 34th Street, Much Ado About Nothing, The Fugitive, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	The Client
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon, John Grisham, Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Prison movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Man Walking

1 The Matrix, The Patriot, The Usual Suspects, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Schindler's List, The Bourne Identity, and The Dark Knight Rises are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Nightcrawler
2 Who is that directed by?	Dan Gilroy
3 I rate Erik Van Looy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Loft

1 Apollo 13, Out of Sight, American Beauty, Gods and Monsters, Citizen Kane, Goodfellas, and Dead Man Walking are movies I really like. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, directorial debut, 1960s, Italian
3 I prefer lesbian character movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bound

1 Young Frankenstein, Manhattan, The Return of the Pink Panther, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Aladdin, Pinocchio, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Heaven Can Wait
2 What else is that about?	Warren Beatty
3 I prefer Michael J. Fox movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life with Mikey

1 The Island of Dr. Moreau, Sgt. Bilko, Happy Gilmore, The Nutty Professor, and Independence Day are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I prefer Edie Adams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Up in Smoke

1 Back to the Future, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Saving Private Ryan, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Fifth Element, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 Who is that directed by?	Ralph Bakshi
3 I rate Genndy Tartakovsky movies. Any other suggestions?	Hotel Transylvania

1 I really liked Cinderella, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Back to the Future, Thor, The Omen, Halloween, and Starship Troopers. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Evil Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cult film, own, Demons, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Possession, gory
3 I like found footage movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sacrament

1 Rain Man, Slap Shot, Superman, Braveheart, The Green Mile, Enemy at the Gates, and First Blood are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Remember the Titans
2 Who is that directed by?	Boaz Yakin
3 I like Robert Siodmak movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dark Mirror

1 I loved Donnie Darko, The Passion of the Christ, Requiem for a Dream, Vanilla Sky, Fight Club, Dead Man, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Somersault
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Not Suitable for Children

1 A Beautiful Mind, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Fight Club, Far and Away, Reality Bites, 12 Angry Men, and Dr. No are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Amenábar
3 I like Michael Tiddes movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Haunted House 2

1 South Pacific, Unforgiven, When Harry Met Sally..., Defending Your Life, The Crying Game, Goodfellas, and Anatomy of a Murder are films I really like. I'm looking for an Eric Blore movie.	The Gay Divorcee
2 What else is that about?	Divorce, Mark Sandrich, Eric Blore
3 I prefer Ginger Rogers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Top Hat

1 I like Clear and Present Danger, Crimson Tide, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, True Lies, Outbreak, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Good Day to Die Hard

1 The Quiet Man, It's a Wonderful Life, Slumdog Millionaire, Sense and Sensibility, Doctor Zhivago, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington are films I love. I'm looking for a Robert Duvall movie.	The Apostle
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Duvall
3 I like Philip Kaufman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid

1 Philadelphia, The Usual Suspects, Leaving Las Vegas, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I rate Coleen Gray movies. Any other suggestions?	Kansas City Confidential

1 Brazil, Kagemusha, Lawrence of Arabia, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, A Fistful of Dollars, The Dreamlife of Angels, and Gone with the Wind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Radio Days
2 What else is that about?	Music, Woody Allen, Radio
3 I prefer Alexander Mackendrick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man in the White Suit

1 Office Space, The Triplets of Belleville, A River Runs Through It, Gran Torino, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are movies I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The War at Home
2 Who is that directed by?	Emilio Estevez
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Toy Story, Leaving Las Vegas, and White Squall are films I like. I'm looking for a story movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I prefer Tim Roth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Reservoir Dogs

1 I watched the films Licence to Kill, From Russia with Love, Fargo, For Your Eyes Only, Capote, Casino Royale, and Idiocracy and loved them. I'm looking for a Roger Moore movie.	The Spy Who Loved Me
2 What else is that about?	james bond, spy, bond, egypt, Roger Moore, Lewis Gilbert
3 I rate martial arts movies. Any other suggestions?	The Quest

1 Emma, Lethal Weapon, The African Queen, Being There, Braveheart, Philadelphia, and Rain Man are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Chinese movie.	The Joy Luck Club
2 What else is that about?	women, Chinese, culture, Wayne Wang
3 I rate china movies. Any other suggestions?	Raise the Red Lantern

1 Pulp Fiction, Bonnie and Clyde, and The Fugitive are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I prefer Eran Creevy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Welcome to the Punch

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Saving Private Ryan, The Matrix, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Aliens, Alien, and The Terminator are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Hoop Dreams
2 What else is that about?	High School, Documentary, school, basketball, Chicago, Steve James
3 I rate Pier Paolo Pasolini movies. Any other suggestions?	Love Meetings

1 The Karate Kid, Part II and Iron Man 2 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Corbin Bernsen
3 I prefer Maya Rudolph movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Away We Go

1 Rain Man, The Silence of the Lambs, Fargo, Forrest Gump, On Golden Pond, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Stand and Deliver are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Diane Keaton movie.	Unstrung Heroes
2 Who is that directed by?	Diane Keaton
3 I like Garry Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Other Sister

1 I like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Dazed and Confused, Harold and Maude, Pi, Midnight Run, Hope and Glory, and Inherit the Wind. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Our Town
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Beulah Bondi, Fay Bainter, Martha Scott

1 Office Space, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Princess Bride, Jurassic Park, The Bourne Supremacy, Star Trek, and The Matrix are films I love. I'm looking for a na movie.	Saint Ralph
2 What else is that about?	hope, Coma, na, Michael McGowan
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Untouchables

1 The Wedding Singer, Chicago, Moulin Rouge!, A Knight's Tale, Grease, The Notebook, and Liar Liar are films I love. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	Ladder 49
2 What else is that about?	Joaquin Phoenix
3 I rate Oliver Reed movies. Any other suggestions?	Gladiator

1 Taxi Driver, Braveheart, Aladdin, The Silence of the Lambs, Toy Story, Leaving Las Vegas, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	True Story

1 I really like Out of the Past, Shane, Bicycle Thieves, An American in Paris, Pinocchio, Tape, and The Grapes of Wrath. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Bus Stop
2 Who does that star?	Marilyn Monroe, Arthur O'Connell, Don Murray, Betty Field
3 I prefer Raymond Walburn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hail the Conquering Hero

1 I love Meet the Parents, Austin Powers in Goldmember, The Matrix, Major League, The Green Mile, Super Troopers, and Wayne's World. I'm looking for a David Spade movie.	Joe Dirt
2 What else is that about?	David Spade
3 I prefer John Goodman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kronk's New Groove

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Braveheart, Stargate, Cliffhanger, Aladdin, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	Outbreak
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, military, disease, Wolfgang Petersen
3 I prefer Enemy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Enemy Mine

1 Romeo and Juliet, Bringing Up Baby, Stand by Me, Circle of Friends, Braveheart, Titanic, and Shakespeare in Love are films I liked. I'm looking for a germany movie.	Swing Kids
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, germany, youth, Thomas Carter
3 I like Lars von Trier movies more. Do you know anything else?	Europa

1 Dead Man Walking, Alien, Aparajito, Matilda, Jean de Florette, 12 Angry Men, and The People vs. Larry Flynt are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	Duck Soup
2 Who is that directed by?	Leo McCarey

1 Clerks, The Usual Suspects, Dances with Wolves, Dead Man Walking, Hoop Dreams, Toy Story, and Clueless are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flirting with Disaster
2 What else is that about?	Ben Stiller, David O. Russell, Patricia Arquette
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swing Time

1 I liked Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, Taxi Driver, Outbreak, The Usual Suspects, Babe, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I prefer christmas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Polar Express

1 Aladdin, The Little Rascals, Executive Decision, Diabolique, Batman Forever, Sleepless in Seattle, and Jumanji are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Tie That Binds
2 Who does that star?	Daryl Hannah, Keith Carradine, Vincent Spano, Moira Kelly
3 I like LeVar Burton movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hunter

1 Clear and Present Danger, True Lies, The Bridges of Madison County, Broken Arrow, The Firm, The Mask, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sinbad movie.	Houseguest
2 What else is that about?	bad, Sinbad
3 I prefer Ray Harryhausen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger

1 Duck Soup, A Streetcar Named Desire, Mary Poppins, The Player, Midnight Cowboy, American Graffiti, and Rosemary's Baby are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Serpico
2 What else is that about?	Police, Corruption, Al Pacino, Sidney Lumet
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Do the Right Thing

1 The French Connection, Fargo, Midnight Cowboy, Schindler's List, Bambi, Rain Man, and High Noon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a James Dean movie.	Rebel Without a Cause
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, youth, James Dean, rebel, Nicholas Ray
3 I prefer Elizabeth Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Giant

1 Life Is Beautiful, Pulp Fiction, Traffic, Once Were Warriors, The Shining, Schindler's List, and Alien are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 What else is that about?	Horror, dvd, witch, found footage, video
3 I like Tobe Hooper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre

1 I liked With Honors, Hope Floats, Titanic, Romancing the Stone, Grumpier Old Men, Back to the Future, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Big
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, 1980s, 80s, Elizabeth Perkins, Penny Marshall
3 I rate maryland movies. Any other suggestions?	Darkon

1 The Year of Living Dangerously, From Here to Eternity, The Maltese Falcon, A Place in the Sun, Roman Holiday, The Invisible Man, and Doctor Zhivago are films I like. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, Ruth Hussey
3 I rate Robert Shaw movies. Any other suggestions?	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three

1 Gladiator, Runaway Jury, The Mask of Zorro, The Princess Bride, Sneakers, Forrest Gump, and Anastasia are films I love. I'm looking for a Michelle Pfeiffer movie.	The Prince of Egypt
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, animated, biblical, dreamworks, Ralph Fiennes, Steve Martin, egypt, Michelle Pfeiffer, hans zimmer, Martin Short, Prince, moses
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Age of Innocence

1 I watched the films Welcome to the Dollhouse, The 400 Blows, Citizen Kane, Apocalypse Now, Lethal Weapon, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dazed and Confused and loved them. I'm looking for a children movie.	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Tim Burton, children, adaptation, Roald Dahl, Chocolate, factory, Freddie Highmore, burton
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Polar Express

1 Glory, Gone with the Wind, Back to the Future, West Side Story, The Godfather, Fargo, and My Fair Lady are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Arizona movie.	Raising Arizona
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, John Goodman, Holly Hunter
3 I rate Jerry Lewis movies. Any other suggestions?	Arizona Dream

1 Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, The Wedding Singer, Drop Dead Gorgeous, Titanic, Jerry Maguire, and Erin Brockovich are films I really liked. I'm looking for a pooh movie.	The Tigger Movie
2 What else is that about?	disney, pooh

1 The Untouchables, Goldfinger, Timecop, Antz, The Spy Who Loved Me, The Pelican Brief, and Unbreakable are movies I really like. I'm looking for a west virginia movie.	The Mothman Prophecies
2 What else is that about?	Richard Gere, west virginia
3 I rate Shelley Winters movies. Any other suggestions?	The Night of the Hunter

1 Saving Private Ryan, Apollo 13, The Client, Sling Blade, Absolute Power, Titanic, and Braveheart are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I like Michael Bay movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rock

1 Buena Vista Social Club, Gigi, The Game, Stop Making Sense, Westworld, Chinatown, and Little Shop of Horrors are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Marlon Brando movie.	Guys and Dolls
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Broadway, Marlon Brando, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Frank Sinatra
3 I prefer Johnny Depp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Brave

1 Pulp Fiction, The Rock, Fargo, American Beauty, Reservoir Dogs, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Fugitive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forrest Gump
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, War, Tom Hanks, soundtrack, historical, Epic, romantic, Romantic Comedy, political, cult, Robert Zemeckis, united states, best picture, Life, 2, Gary Sinise, Sally Field, Running, alabama, historic, shrimp
3 I rate Ron Livingston movies. Any other suggestions?	Pretty Persuasion

1 I really liked Jean de Florette, Sliding Doors, Raising Arizona, American Beauty, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Heathers. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Home Alone
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, christmas, Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Chris Columbus, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Heard
3 I rate Dustin Hoffman movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Fockers

1 I like Animal House, Shakespeare in Love, The Fog, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Princess Bride, Blazing Saddles, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swingers
2 What else is that about?	Vince Vaughn, Heather Graham, 90s, 1, Jon Favreau, Doug Liman
3 I prefer Michelle Trachtenberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	EuroTrip

1 The Shadow, Lord of Illusions, Jumanji, The Crow, Tombstone, The Three Musketeers, and The Fugitive are films I love. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Spy Hard
2 What else is that about?	parody, spy, Leslie Nielsen
3 I like love triangle movies more. Do you know anything else?	This Means War

1 Braveheart, Schindler's List, and Forrest Gump are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stylized, violence, black comedy, Crime, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, r, dialogue, original, Samuel L. Jackson, humor, own, Uma Thurman, characters, John Travolta, tarantino, noir, cult, non-linear, ironic, mob, Pulp, conversation, unconventional, pop culture references, style, Roger Avary, mobster, monologue, post-modern
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Daredevil

1 Contact, Peeping Tom, Chinatown, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Casablanca, Buena Vista Social Club, and Doctor Zhivago are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	La Grande Illusion
2 What else is that about?	War, world war i, Jean Renoir, prisoners of war
3 I like Philip Seymour Hoffman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cold Mountain

1 American Beauty, Outside Providence, Saving Private Ryan, Slap Shot, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, and The Boondock Saints are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Death to Smoochy
2 Who does that star?	Edward Norton, Robin Williams, Danny DeVito, Catherine Keener
3 I rate Diane Baker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit

1 Enemy at the Gates, The Bourne Identity, Hero, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Beauty and the Beast, Fight Club, and Full Metal Jacket are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Smokey and the Bandit
2 Who does that star?	Sally Field, Burt Reynolds, Jerry Reed, Mike Henry
3 I prefer Yaphet Kotto movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Midnight Run

1 I love Life Is Beautiful, The Silence of the Lambs, Doctor Zhivago, The Poseidon Adventure, It's a Wonderful Life, Forrest Gump, and Gandhi. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bonnie and Clyde
2 What else is that about?	Crime, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Gene Wilder, Faye Dunaway, Warren Beatty, On the Road, Arthur Penn, outlaws
3 I prefer Willem Dafoe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Animal Factory

1 The Jungle Book, Sling Blade, The Silence of the Lambs, Chinatown, Some Like It Hot, Rocky, and Braveheart are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, science, Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, first contact, Robert Zemeckis, hugo award, Carl Sagan
3 I rate Hugh Hudson movies. Any other suggestions?	Revolution

1 I loved Good Will Hunting, Apollo 13, Groundhog Day, The Shawshank Redemption, Contact, Jackie Brown, and Fargo. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Top Gun
2 What else is that about?	Action, Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, navy, aircraft, Tom Skerritt
3 I like Johnnie To movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breaking News

1 I really liked The Usual Suspects, City of God, Trainspotting, Catch Me If You Can, Casino, Gladiator, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	American Gangster
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington, Josh Brolin, Chiwetel Ejiofor
3 I like Christopher Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blood of Fu Manchu

1 I liked Elite Squad, To Live and Die in L.A., For a Few Dollars More, Red Planet, Shrek 2, Casino Royale, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	End of Watch
2 Who does that star?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Peña
3 I prefer Rachel Weisz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Page Eight

1 The Fast and the Furious, Transporter 2, The Bounty Hunter, 8 Mile, The Marine, American History X, and Taxi are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tooth Fairy
2 What else is that about?	Dwayne Johnson
3 I rate teenager movies. Any other suggestions?	The Breakfast Club

1 The Hours, To Kill a Mockingbird, A Fish Called Wanda, Excalibur, Atlantic City, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Far from Heaven are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Men
2 Who does that star?	Danny DeVito, Richard Dreyfuss, Barbara Hershey
3 I prefer Lee Bowman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	She Wouldn't Say Yes

1 M, Ghost in the Shell, Blade Runner, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Shadow of a Doubt, Chinatown, and Perfect Blue are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I rate Keith Snyder movies. Any other suggestions?	Emmett's Mark

1 The Hunt for Red October, Edward Scissorhands, As Good as It Gets, Schindler's List, The Remains of the Day, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Babe are movies I love. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Amistad
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Anthony Hopkins, Djimon Hounsou, Nigel Hawthorne
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 I like Casino Royale, Cypher, The Dark Knight, Dark City, Ghost in the Shell, Ocean's Twelve, and Iron Man. I'm looking for a bugs bunny movie.	Space Jam
2 What else is that about?	bugs bunny

1 La Grande Illusion, Field of Dreams, The Third Man, Casablanca, Pulp Fiction, Rashomon, and Citizen Kane are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Witness for the Prosecution
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, courtroom, courtroom drama, Billy Wilder, court, Agatha Christie, Charles Laughton, Marlene Dietrich
3 I like Edward James Olmos movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Me

1 Heat, L.A. Confidential, Total Recall, The Terminator, The Blues Brothers, Braveheart, and The Big Lebowski are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Excalibur
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nigel Terry
3 I prefer Timothy Dalton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Agatha

1 Natural Born Killers, Solaris, Carnival of Souls, The Mirror, The Man Who Fell to Earth, Jackie Brown, and In the Mood for Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John Cazale movie.	Dog Day Afternoon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Crime, Al Pacino, robbery, Sidney Lumet, bank, John Cazale
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Dog Day Afternoon

1 Mystery Train, Rear Window, Yojimbo, Magnolia, The Princess Bride, Out of Sight, and Blue Velvet are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Slums of Beverly Hills
2 What else is that about?	1970s, jewish family
3 I like Robert Redford movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hot Rock

1 I really liked The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Toy Story, Ghost, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Phenomenon, The Mask, and The Nightmare Before Christmas. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I like Ken Loach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bread and Roses

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Superman, Harvey, Planet of the Apes, Singin' in the Rain, Glory, and Arsenic and Old Lace are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	West Side Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise, Jerome Robbins
3 I like Nicole Kassell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Woodsman

1 The Evil Dead, In the Heat of the Night, Planet of the Apes, Reservoir Dogs, Shakespeare in Love, Happiness, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a death movie.	Beetlejuice
2 Who does that star?	Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis
3 I like Olga Mironova movies more. Do you know anything else?	Come and See

1 I like The Cement Garden, Never Been Kissed, The Wings of the Dove, Mulholland Falls, Clueless, Simply Irresistible, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Palmetto
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Elisabeth Shue, Gina Gershon
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Wrong Trousers, Annie Hall, Citizen Kane, The Game, In the Company of Men, Wag the Dog, and The Fugitive are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I rate Jim Carrey movies. Any other suggestions?	Earth Girls Are Easy

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Thomas Crown Affair, A Beautiful Mind, Memento, A Clockwork Orange, Minority Report, and Cast Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	Fight Club
2 Who is that directed by?	David Fincher
3 I rate Ang Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ice Storm

1 The Green Mile, Roman Holiday, You've Got Mail, Clueless, As Good as It Gets, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Liar Liar are movies I like. I'm looking for a Dustin Hoffman movie.	Hook
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Steven Spielberg, Robin Williams, children, spielberg, Dustin Hoffman, Julia Roberts, Peter Pan, Maggie Smith, Bob Hoskins
3 I prefer Ulu Grosbard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Straight Time

1 Ulee's Gold, From Here to Eternity, Pollock, Forrest Gump, Girl, Interrupted, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Chocolat are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Grass Harp
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Matthau
3 I prefer Mira Nair movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mississippi Masala

1 Sliding Doors, The Insider, The Big Lebowski, Being John Malkovich, Dick, Sneakers, and The Thirteenth Floor are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Angel Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Rymer
3 I rate Erick Zonca movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dreamlife of Angels

1 I watched the films Paper Moon, Platoon, Harvey, The Good Earth, The Cider House Rules, Almost Famous, and Shadow of a Doubt and loved them. I'm looking for a library movie.	Days of Heaven
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, library, national film registry, ennio morricone, Richard Gere, Terrence Malick, Sam Shepard
3 I like Greer Garson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mrs. Miniver

1 Taxi Driver, The Rules of the Game, American Graffiti, MASH, Down by Law, Le Cercle Rouge, and Five Easy Pieces are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Targets
2 What else is that about?	Peter Bogdanovich
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Disturbia

1 The Sixth Sense, The Godfather, Titanic, Psycho, Dog Day Afternoon, Independence Day, and Boys Don't Cry are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mildred Pierce
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Michael Curtiz
3 I prefer christian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Facing the Giants

1 I liked Good Will Hunting, Live Free or Die Hard, Patton, Serenity, Starship Troopers, Batman Begins, and Top Gun. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Kingdom of Heaven
2 What else is that about?	Action, War, r, Liam Neeson, Ridley Scott, christian, Orlando Bloom, Eva Green, Jerusalem, crusades, 12th century
3 I prefer disney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Am Number Four

1 Rush Hour, Tootsie, Stand by Me, The Fifth Element, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, My Fair Lady, and Beverly Hills Cop are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Analyze This
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I prefer Paul Gross movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men with Brooms

1 The Matrix, Red Dawn, Jurassic Park, Back to the Future, Little Miss Sunshine, The Sting, and The Bourne Ultimatum are films I loved. I'm looking for a supernatural movie.	Final Destination 2
2 What else is that about?	supernatural
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghostbusters II

1 I watched the films Finding Nemo, American Beauty, The Matrix, V for Vendetta, Braveheart, The Godfather, and Spider-Man 2 and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich, Pete Docter, David Silverman
3 I rate Trey Parker movies. Any other suggestions?	Orgazmo

1 Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Spartacus, Three Days of the Condor, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Super Size Me, The Graduate, and Once Upon a Time in the West are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Karl Malden movie.	Patton
2 Who is that directed by?	Franklin J. Schaffner
3 I rate Elia Kazan movies. Any other suggestions?	On the Waterfront

1 Kind Hearts and Coronets, The Virgin Spring, Personal Best, Triumph of the Will, A Great Day in Harlem, Ray, and Shoah are movies I love. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	Bedazzled
2 What else is that about?	remake, Devil, Brendan Fraser, Harold Ramis, Elizabeth Hurley
3 I prefer saturday night live movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stuart Saves His Family

1 The Sting, The Thin Blue Line, Harold and Maude, The Maltese Falcon, The Wizard of Oz, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Being John Malkovich are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Dog Day Afternoon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Crime, Al Pacino, robbery, Sidney Lumet, bank, John Cazale
3 I prefer Jean Negulesco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nobody Lives Forever

1 Crash, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, The Godfather, Million Dollar Baby, Garden State, and The Incredibles are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I rate Henry Hathaway movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiss of Death

1 A Little Princess, Operation Dumbo Drop, The Indian in the Cupboard, The Fugitive, The Little Rascals, Top Gun, and Maverick are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Songcatcher

1 La Haine, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Raise the Red Lantern, Brazil, Raging Bull, The Graduate, and Les Misérables are movies I really like. I'm looking for a dark humor movie.	Harold and Maude
2 What else is that about?	criterion, original, national film registry, death, dark humor, Hal Ashby, Ruth Gordon, Bud Cort, existentialist

1 I really liked Taxi Driver, The Philadelphia Story, Double Indemnity, Gladiator, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a Jane Fonda movie.	Barbarella
2 What else is that about?	cult film, Jane Fonda
3 I like Sydney Pollack movies more. Do you know anything else?	They Shoot Horses, Don't They?

1 I liked Beauty and the Beast, The Sound of Music, Finding Nemo, A League of Their Own, Up, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and Big. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Artist
2 Who does that star?	Jean Dujardin, Bérénice Bejo
3 I like Aldo Ray movies more. Do you know anything else?	We're No Angels

1 In the Line of Fire, Risky Business, Rain Man, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Titanic, Die Hard, and Dangerous Liaisons are films I really like. I'm looking for a sports movie.	Eight Men Out
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, John Sayles
3 I rate Rodney Dangerfield movies. Any other suggestions?	Caddyshack

1 Rosemary's Baby, Jurassic Park, A Clockwork Orange, Poltergeist, The Untouchables, Back to the Future, and Back to the Future Part III are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I like Jean Yarbrough movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Devil Bat

1 I really like Babe, The Third Man, The Sixth Sense, Almost Famous, The Hours, The Red Violin, and American Graffiti. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crying Game
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Forest Whitaker, Neil Jordan, ira, Stephen Rea, Soldier
3 I rate Ruben Östlund movies. Any other suggestions?	Force Majeure

1 I loved The Lion King, The Truman Show, It's a Wonderful Life, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Mr. Holland's Opus, Home Alone, and A Streetcar Named Desire. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Footloose
2 What else is that about?	remake, dance
3 I prefer Jack Cardiff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Red Shoes

1 Heat, Face/Off, Eyes Wide Shut, Under Siege, Das Boot, Barb Wire, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Gattaca
2 What else is that about?	future, science fiction, Jude Law, Uma Thurman, Ethan Hawke, eugenics, Gore Vidal, Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer Samantha Morton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Minority Report

1 Emma, Magnolia, The Godfather, Heavenly Creatures, The Ice Storm, The Goonies, and Shakespeare in Love are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Julia Stiles movie.	State and Main
2 What else is that about?	r, Philip Seymour Hoffman, David Mamet, Sarah Jessica Parker, Julia Stiles, Alec Baldwin, William H. Macy
3 I prefer Chris Tucker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Silver Linings Playbook

1 I loved The Big Lebowski, Fight Club, Schindler's List, Casino, Fargo, Cape Fear, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Jeff Bridges movie.	Arlington Road
2 What else is that about?	r, terrorism, Jeff Bridges
3 I like coming of age movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Picture Show

1 I liked Fargo, The Killer, Dead Man Walking, Crimes and Misdemeanors, To Kill a Mockingbird, Brazil, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a surreal movie.	The Tin Drum
2 Who is that directed by?	Volker Schlöndorff
3 I prefer Michel Gondry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Science of Sleep

1 I watched the films Saving Private Ryan, Fargo, The Big Lebowski, The Breakfast Club, American Beauty, Braveheart, and The Thin Red Line and loved them. I'm looking for a coming of age movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I like teen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dirty Dancing

1 Back to the Future Part II, The Terminator, Saving Private Ryan, Aladdin, Toy Story, Men in Black, and Ghostbusters II are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mark Waters movie.	The Spiderwick Chronicles
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Waters

1 I watched the films The Crying Game, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Philadelphia Story, Cinema Paradiso, La Femme Nikita, The English Patient, and The Piano and loved them. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	Vanya on 42nd Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Louis Malle
3 I prefer Danny DeVito movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hoffa

1 I watched the films Almost Famous, Amélie, Being John Malkovich, L.A. Confidential, Seven Samurai, My Neighbor Totoro, and Apocalypse Now and loved them. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I like Jude Law movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rise of the Guardians

1 The Usual Suspects, Alien, Aliens, Citizen Kane, Pi, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Sling Blade are films I like. I'm looking for a Vigilante movie.	Taxi Driver
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Matthew Vaughn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kick-Ass

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Shrek, Midnight in Paris, A Fish Called Wanda, The Wrong Trousers, Taxi Driver, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Derek Jarman movie.	Blue
2 Who does that star?	Derek Jarman
3 I rate Jenny Runacre movies. Any other suggestions?	Jubilee

1 Phenomenon, Toy Story, The Rock, Tin Cup, The Birdcage, The Nutty Professor, and Happy Gilmore are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I like Brian Helgeland movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Knight's Tale

1 King Kong, Alien, Starship Troopers, The World Is Not Enough, Johnny Mnemonic, The Mask, and The Negotiator are films I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Big Trees
2 Who is that directed by?	Felix E. Feist

1 L.A. Confidential and The Fifth Element are films I really like. I'm looking for an india movie.	Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Anees Bazmee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Singh Is Kinng

1 Pollyanna, Witness, The Right Stuff, Breaking Away, Field of Dreams, Glory, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Natasha Richardson movie.	The Parent Trap
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Quaid, Lindsay Lohan, Natasha Richardson
3 I like Liam Neeson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nell

1 My Fair Lady, The Sound of Music, A Room with a View, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Henry V are films I like. I'm looking for a Mary Stuart Masterson movie.	Some Kind of Wonderful
2 Who does that star?	Lea Thompson, Eric Stoltz, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I rate Christian Slater movies. Any other suggestions?	Bed of Roses

1 Burnt by the Sun, The Winslow Boy, My Life as a Dog, In the Realm of the Senses, The French Connection, Terms of Endearment, and The Color Purple are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Girlfight
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sports, Michelle Rodriguez, Karyn Kusama
3 I like Shirley Temple movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Take a Bow

1 The Matrix, Sin City, The Sixth Sense, School of Rock, Pan's Labyrinth, Pulp Fiction, and Scarface are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, ensemble cast, original, story, Heist, tarantino, Steve Buscemi, cast, cult, Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen
3 I like Eddie Murphy movies more. Do you know anything else?	48 Hrs.

1 Lost in Translation, City of God, Juno, Pan's Labyrinth, Stalker, American Beauty, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are films I like. I'm looking for a congress movie.	Charlie Wilson's War
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts, Amy Adams, Philip Seymour Hoffman

1 I loved Life as a House, The Postman Always Rings Twice, The Shipping News, Matilda, The Godfather, Rocky, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for an Emma Thompson movie.	Howards End
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I like Kenneth Branagh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Henry V

1 I love Election, The Silence of the Lambs, The Breakfast Club, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Toy Story, Shakespeare in Love, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Uys
3 I prefer Nick Park movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Matter of Loaf and Death

1 I love Fargo, Rear Window, Requiem for a Dream, The Silence of the Lambs, All the President's Men, Goodfellas, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a r movie.	Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	r, disability, Billy Bob Thornton, John Ritter
3 I prefer Brad Pitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford

1 I really like Schindler's List, The Godfather, The Usual Suspects, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Malcolm X
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I prefer Jon Amiel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Creation

1 Van Helsing, Spider-Man, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Jumanji, Conspiracy Theory, Constantine, and Predator are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I like Paul Dano movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ballad of Jack and Rose

1 Deconstructing Harry, Notorious, Death and the Maiden, A Simple Plan, Ed Wood, Heavenly Creatures, and Delicatessen are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tilda Swinton movie.	Orlando
2 Who does that star?	Tilda Swinton, Quentin Crisp
3 I rate Tom Wilkinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Michael Clayton

1 Mars Attacks!, The Princess Bride, Gattaca, Bean, The Usual Suspects, Mulan, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I rate Sam Peckinpah movies. Any other suggestions?	Convoy

1 Princess Mononoke, Lost in Translation, Bowling for Columbine, Ice Age, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Usual Suspects, and Delicatessen are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Arsenic and Old Lace
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dark comedy, Cary Grant, Frank Capra
3 I prefer Jean Arthur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington

1 The Lady Eve, Beautiful Thing, Rear Window, The Wizard of Oz, Fantasia, Sliding Doors, and Citizen Kane are films I love. I'm looking for a Divorce movie.	The Gay Divorcee
2 Who does that star?	Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Edward Everett Horton, Alice Brady
3 I like Jared Leto movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Nobody

1 Rain Man, Manhattan, Once Upon a Time in the West, Clerks, The Shawshank Redemption, A Fistful of Dollars, and The Deer Hunter are films I really like. I'm looking for a Van Heflin movie.	Airport
2 Who is that directed by?	George Seaton
3 I rate Lewis Milestone movies. Any other suggestions?	The Strange Love of Martha Ivers

1 I liked The Bourne Identity, Good Will Hunting, The Bourne Supremacy, The Departed, Wedding Crashers, The Last Samurai, and The Patriot. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk to Remember
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Drama, romantic, Mandy Moore, Shane West, Adam Shankman
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Sky

1 Blade Runner, American Beauty, Vertigo, Mulholland Drive, Apocalypse Now, Ronin, and Taxi Driver are films I liked. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Talk to Her
2 What else is that about?	Drama, loneliness, Love, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar, Leonor Watling
3 I rate women movies. Any other suggestions?	Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown

1 Fight Club, Treasure Planet, Inception, and Minority Report are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	Watchmen
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, r, story, plot, characters, cold war, superheroes, nuclear war, adaptation, alternate history, comics, Zack Snyder, Alan Moore, graphic novel, Matthew Goode, Billy Crudup, Jackie Earle Haley, Patrick Wilson, imax, length, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, ugh
3 I rate dc movies. Any other suggestions?	Batman Returns

1 The English Patient, A Time to Kill, Sabrina, Jerry Maguire, The Rock, Executive Decision, and Multiplicity are films I like. I'm looking for a Richard Pearce movie.	A Family Thing
2 What else is that about?	Richard Pearce
3 I prefer revival movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Leap of Faith

1 Time Bandits, Repo Man, Grosse Pointe Blank, Shall We Dance?, Pi, The Usual Suspects, and Reversal of Fortune are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a harlem movie.	The Brother from Another Planet
2 Who does that star?	Joe Morton
3 I prefer Gregory Hines movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Rage in Harlem

1 The Producers, Duck Soup, Sleeper, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, It's a Wonderful Life, The Godfather, and Harold and Maude are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Back to the Future movie.	Back to the Future
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis

1 My Fair Lady, Heat, Spy Game, The Princess Bride, What Lies Beneath, The Wedding Planner, and Gladiator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a James Garner movie.	Space Cowboys
2 What else is that about?	space, Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Maverick

1 I loved Flatliners, The Usual Suspects, American History X, Good Will Hunting, High Fidelity, Memento, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Russell Crowe, schizophrenia, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, book, Ron Howard, Paul Bettany, economics, Josh Lucas
3 I like redemption movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Quick and the Dead

1 Caddyshack, Forrest Gump, Top Gun, Zoolander, Animal House, Blazing Saddles, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Vince Vaughn movie.	Old School
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Will Ferrell, College, Vince Vaughn, fraternity, Luke Wilson, Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Reese Witherspoon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Four Christmases

1 The Iron Giant, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, A Bug's Life, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Midnight Express, and Pi are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, directorial debut, 1960s, Italian
3 I like film noir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gun Crazy

1 I liked The Breakfast Club, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Full Metal Jacket, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, The Big Lebowski, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Matt Dillon movie.	Beautiful Girls
2 What else is that about?	Beautiful, Natalie Portman, Uma Thurman, Matt Dillon, Ted Demme, portman
3 I prefer los angeles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crash

1 The Lion King, Jaws, Beauty and the Beast, Good Will Hunting, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, and The Godfather are films I like. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I like Princess movies more. Do you know anything else?	Roman Holiday

1 I really like Toy Story, Garfield, I, Robot, Pretty Woman, Dances with Wolves, Gattaca, and The Mask. I'm looking for a racing movie.	Hidalgo
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston
3 I rate Scott Waugh movies. Any other suggestions?	Need for Speed

1 Chicago, American Pie, Mary Poppins, Patriot Games, Good Morning, Vietnam, When Harry Met Sally..., and The Little Mermaid are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Summer Catch
2 Who does that star?	Jessica Biel, Matthew Lillard
3 I like LL Cool J movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kingdom Come

1 Apollo 13, The Fisher King, Poltergeist, A Close Shave, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Superman, and Life Is Beautiful are films I liked. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Dead Poets Society
2 What else is that about?	Drama, story, Robin Williams, own, school, teacher, poetry, Peter Weir, teaching
3 I prefer Jeff Goldblum movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man of the Year

1 The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, True Lies, and Apollo 13 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Tony Richardson movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Sky

1 Dawn of the Dead, The Shawshank Redemption, Annie Hall, Solaris, The Thing, Brazil, and The Usual Suspects are movies I love. I'm looking for a cronenberg movie.	Videodrome
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg

1 I like Eat Drink Man Woman, Clueless, Leaving Las Vegas, Babe, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, and Hoop Dreams. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Love Got to Do with It
2 What else is that about?	biopic, Angela Bassett
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rumble Fish

1 I love Clear and Present Danger, Stargate, Heat, Forrest Gump, Jurassic Park, Casino, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Murder in the First
2 Who does that star?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I prefer Fred Ward movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tremors

1 The Ref, American Beauty, Deconstructing Harry, Eat Drink Man Woman, All About My Mother, Get Shorty, and Office Space are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Shoulder Arms

1 Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Silence of the Lambs, Rocky, The Terminator, and Rain Man are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner
3 I rate Anthony Michael Hall movies. Any other suggestions?	The Breakfast Club

1 Raising Arizona, Triumph of the Will, Quills, Dangerous Liaisons, The Thomas Crown Affair, An American Werewolf in London, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Jeremy Irons movie.	Reversal of Fortune
2 Who does that star?	Jeremy Irons, Glenn Close, Ron Silver
3 I rate Sienna Guillory movies. Any other suggestions?	Eragon

1 Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, Bob Roberts, Whale Rider, The Insider, The Pianist, The Manchurian Candidate, and Elizabeth are movies I love. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	Birdy
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Nicolas Cage, vietnam, Alan Parker, Matthew Modine, Bird
3 I like Harvey Keitel movies more. Do you know anything else?	National Treasure

1 It's a Wonderful Life and Big Fish are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a History movie.	Malcolm X
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I prefer Theodoros Angelopoulos movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Travelling Players

1 I loved A Bug's Life, The Wizard of Oz, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The Sandlot, An American Tail, The Rescuers, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stuart Little
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Family, Michael J. Fox, Hugh Laurie, Rob Minkoff
3 I like Trey Parker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Orgazmo

1 To Catch a Thief, Menace II Society, The French Connection, My Best Friend's Wedding, The Ice Storm, The Man Who Knew Too Much, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Out of Sight
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Jennifer Lopez
3 I rate Chazz Palminteri movies. Any other suggestions?	A Bronx Tale

1 Midnight in Paris, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Artist, and The Little Mermaid are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Myrna Loy, Shirley Temple
3 I prefer Emily Watson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Punch-Drunk Love

1 Sabrina, Twister, Heat, Executive Decision, The Rock, Ransom, and Independence Day are movies I like. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 What else is that about?	Action, Samuel L. Jackson, Geena Davis, Renny Harlin, Shane Black
3 I prefer Colin Farrell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	S.W.A.T.

1 I loved Braveheart, Casablanca, Lost in Translation, Pan's Labyrinth, Being John Malkovich, Fargo, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I rate Tyler Perry movies. Any other suggestions?	Madea's Family Reunion

1 Back to the Future, The Blair Witch Project, Fight Club, Glengarry Glen Ross, The Others, Jurassic Park, and Goldfinger are films I love. I'm looking for a Ray Romano movie.	Ice Age
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, animated, John Leguizamo, ice, Ray Romano, Carlos Saldanha, Chris Wedge

1 The Philadelphia Story, Citizen Kane, Guinevere, Life Is Beautiful, Shall We Dance?, The Straight Story, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I love. I'm looking for a Billy Wilder movie.	Love in the Afternoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder

1 I liked Election, Boogie Nights, Old School, The Silence of the Lambs, Miller's Crossing, Memento, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	About Schmidt
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Road Trip, Jack Nicholson, death, Life, Alexander Payne
3 I like politics movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington

1 I really like The Swan Princess, The Usual Suspects, Grumpier Old Men, Dances with Wolves, Powder, Apollo 13, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Goofy Movie
2 What else is that about?	disney, goofy, Kevin Lima
3 I prefer Jay Baruchel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Art of the Steal

1 Young Frankenstein, Pretty Woman, The Terminator, My Fair Lady, Rain Man, While You Were Sleeping, and Grumpy Old Men are films I love. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 Who is that directed by?	Dennis Dugan
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Million Dollar Baby

1 Funny Face, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Rear Window, Sleeping Beauty, The Man Who Fell to Earth, His Girl Friday, and Coffee and Cigarettes are films I really like. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	The Good German
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Cate Blanchett, Tobey Maguire
3 I rate Matthew McConaughey movies. Any other suggestions?	Magic Mike

1 The Philadelphia Story, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2, Batman, King Kong, Dawn of the Dead, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, and Friday the 13th are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Splash
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, Ron Howard, John Candy
3 I rate Bernard Rose movies. Any other suggestions?	Paperhouse

1 A Hard Day's Night, Bringing Up Baby, Much Ado About Nothing, WarGames, The Usual Suspects, Some Like It Hot, and The Kid are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Italian Job
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg, Jason Statham, Charlize Theron, Donald Sutherland
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mad Max

1 Catch Me If You Can, Bottle Rocket, Sin City, Batman Begins, Swingers, Rushmore, and A Fistful of Dollars are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Kingpin
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Bill Murray, Randy Quaid, Vanessa Angel
3 I rate Robert De Niro movies. Any other suggestions?	Grudge Match

1 Atlantic City, The Sting, Edward Scissorhands, Chinatown, Rosemary's Baby, The Untouchables, and Yellow Submarine are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Simple Plan
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suspense, Sam Raimi, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I rate teacher movies. Any other suggestions?	Stand and Deliver

1 Hot Fuzz, Primer, Inception, In Bruges, Pulp Fiction, The Day of the Doctor, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Harrelson movie.	Seven Psychopaths
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Woody Harrelson, Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Tom Waits, Abbie Cornish, psychopaths, Martin McDonagh
3 I prefer John Cusack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	2012

1 Rebel Without a Cause, A Streetcar Named Desire, That Thing You Do!, and Twister are films I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Glory Daze
2 Who does that star?	Ben Affleck, Sam Rockwell, French Stewart

1 I really like Gone with the Wind, The Abyss, Beauty and the Beast, Disclosure, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Cast Away, and While You Were Sleeping. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Mummy Returns
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Sommers
3 I prefer Carroll Ballard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Duma

1 I really liked Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Eyes Wide Shut, Hot Fuzz, The Shining, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Juno
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, original, teen, pregnancy, Ellen Page, Michael Cera, Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner, teenager, Jason Reitman
3 I rate hollywood movies. Any other suggestions?	The Artist

1 Goodfellas, Titanic, Aladdin, Pretty Woman, Boogie Nights, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Braveheart are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Bronx Tale
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, directorial debut, 1960s, Italian
3 I prefer George C. Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Anatomy of a Murder

1 The 400 Blows, Throne of Blood, The Seventh Seal, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Seven Samurai, Manhattan, and The General are movies I liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Sanjuro
2 What else is that about?	japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, Japanese, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I like shakespeare movies more. Do you know anything else?	Throne of Blood

1 The Usual Suspects, Jaws, Caught, Bhaji on the Beach, The Breakfast Club, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Rocky are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jackie Brown
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino
3 I prefer Crispin Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What Is It?

1 Empire Records, Finding Nemo, Pleasantville, The Abyss, Patch Adams, Saving Private Ryan, and Stand by Me are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fried Green Tomatoes
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Avnet
3 I like John Boorman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deliverance

1 Hero, Clueless, Do the Right Thing, Happiness, Good Will Hunting, Never Cry Wolf, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Minnie Driver movie.	Owning Mahowny
2 What else is that about?	Philip Seymour Hoffman, addiction, gambling, John Hurt, Minnie Driver
3 I like Stanley Tucci movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Night

1 Elizabeth, A Fistful of Dollars, Enemy at the Gates, Ghostbusters, The Shining, Caddyshack, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Corporation
2 What else is that about?	Documentary
3 I like christianity movies more. Do you know anything else?	For the Bible Tells Me So

1 I watched the films From Russia with Love, A Clockwork Orange, The French Connection, The Great Escape, Alien, Akira, and Kagemusha and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
2 What else is that about?	Action, Mel Gibson
3 I rate Gerard Butler movies. Any other suggestions?	Gamer

1 Dogma, My Fair Lady, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Once Upon a Time in the West are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a burton movie.	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Tim Burton, children, adaptation, Roald Dahl, Chocolate, factory, Freddie Highmore, burton
3 I like death movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beetlejuice

1 Spider-Man, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Ocean's Eleven, Manhattan, Superman, The Last Picture Show, and Men in Black are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shaft
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Samuel L. Jackson, Jeffrey Wright
3 I like Stephen Dorff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deuces Wild

1 Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Lawrence of Arabia, A Fish Called Wanda, The Verdict, Harold and Maude, The Year of Living Dangerously, and Stop Making Sense are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Lost in America
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Albert Brooks
3 I prefer Romantic Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Singer

1 I really liked Psycho, The Godfather, Fight Club, Forrest Gump, Full Metal Jacket, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Hurt Locker
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I rate Jean Negulesco movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Came Home

1 Brazil, MASH, Capricorn One, Heathers, Big, Pulp Fiction, and Thunderbolt and Lightfoot are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Without a Clue
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Ben Kingsley
3 I prefer Addison Timlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Best Man Down

1 I watched the films Crimson Tide, First Knight, Braveheart, Aladdin, Casper, Heat, and Forrest Gump and loved them. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	I.Q.
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Fred Schepisi
3 I prefer Diane Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hanging Up

1 Schindler's List, Apollo 13, The Shawshank Redemption, Ghost, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Net, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks
3 I like Joe Mantegna movies more. Do you know anything else?	Favorite Deadly Sins

1 I liked The French Connection, Unforgiven, The Matrix, The Money Pit, Broadcast News, Blade Runner, and The Celluloid Closet. I'm looking for a Kevin Spacey movie.	The Ref
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Spacey, Denis Leary, Judy Davis
3 I like Jeremy Irons movies more. Do you know anything else?	Margin Call

1 I really liked Hackers, Risky Business, The Mask, Copycat, The Blues Brothers, 2010, and The Sting. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Distinguished Gentleman
2 What else is that about?	politics
3 I rate cult classic movies. Any other suggestions?	Class of Nuke 'Em High

1 Up, Ponyo, The Princess Bride, My Neighbor Totoro, Spirited Away, and Princess Mononoke are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Howl's Moving Castle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, Adventure, War, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, miyazaki, 3, curse
3 I rate stop motion movies. Any other suggestions?	The Boxtrolls

1 Cast Away, A Clockwork Orange, Miller's Crossing, Stripes, Airplane!, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I rate Peter Chelsom movies. Any other suggestions?	Hector and the Search for Happiness

1 I like Clerks, Dead Man, Speed, Sabrina, The Princess Bride, The Philadelphia Story, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a graphic novel movie.	Watchmen
2 Who does that star?	Billy Crudup, Matthew Goode, Jackie Earle Haley
3 I like Alexis Bledel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sin City

1 The Bucket List, The Bourne Supremacy, American Gangster, Catch Me If You Can, Crash, Felon, and 88 Minutes are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Notebook
2 Who is that directed by?	János Szász
3 I like Jodie Foster movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Beaver

1 I liked The Last Samurai, True Lies, Rat Race, Never Say Never Again, Predator, The Count of Monte Cristo, and Thirteen Days. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	You Only Live Twice
2 What else is that about?	space, japan, james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Roald Dahl, Lewis Gilbert
3 I rate space western movies. Any other suggestions?	Outland

1 In Bruges, My Neighbor Totoro, Apocalypse Now, Requiem for a Dream, A Clockwork Orange, Mary and Max, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All About My Mother
2 What else is that about?	homosexuality, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer gangsters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	City of Men

1 I watched the films City Slickers, The Rock, To Kill a Mockingbird, Alien, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Godfather, and Little Shop of Horrors and loved them. I'm looking for an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.	Conan the Barbarian
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, James Earl Jones
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Expendables 3

1 Ninja Scroll, The Blues Brothers, The Wrong Trousers, The Last Waltz, Minority Report, The Score, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Top Secret!
2 Who does that star?	Omar Sharif, Jeremy Kemp
3 I prefer Andie MacDowell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Muse

1 Gladiator, Notting Hill, Coyote Ugly, Dirty Dancing, My Best Friend's Wedding, Memento, and Erin Brockovich are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet November
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves, Charlize Theron
3 I prefer Jay Chou movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Curse of the Golden Flower

1 Up, Moonrise Kingdom, Moon, The Hours, Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Punk Syndrome, and The Others are films I loved. I'm looking for a True Story movie.	Rabbit-Proof Fence
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Australia, Phillip Noyce
3 I rate aviation movies. Any other suggestions?	The Aviator

1 Apocalypse Now, Reservoir Dogs, Wild Strawberries, Good Morning, Vietnam, Love and Death, Airplane!, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Basic Instinct 2
2 What else is that about?	sequel, erotic, Sharon Stone, erotic thriller
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Don

1 The Thing, Blade Runner, Brazil, Beautiful Thing, Memento, The Usual Suspects, and Evil Dead II are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Fearless Vampire Killers
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I prefer William Friedkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Night They Raided Minsky's

1 Hoosiers, Arlington Road, The Sixth Sense, Black Hawk Down, Boyz n the Hood, Enemy at the Gates, and Psycho are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	61*
2 Who does that star?	Barry Pepper, Thomas Jane
3 I rate Gary Lewis movies. Any other suggestions?	Billy Elliot

1 The Red Violin, My Fair Lady, The End of the Affair, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Citizen Kane, Dial M for Murder, and Gosford Park are films I loved. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Autumn Tale
2 Who does that star?	Béatrice Romand, Marie Rivière, Alain Libolt, Didier Sandre

1 Die Hard, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Fugitive, Alien, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Terminator are films I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Aliens
2 What else is that about?	Action, Aliens, Horror, franchise, sequel, science fiction, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, James Cameron, Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, Paul Reiser, planet
3 I like Pierce Brosnan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dante's Peak

1 The Wizard of Oz, Braveheart, The Princess Bride, Alien, Young Guns, Jaws, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a freddy krueger movie.	A Nightmare on Elm Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Samuel Bayer

1 I loved Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Blue Velvet, Jackie Brown, Rear Window, Big Night, Annie Hall, and Election. I'm looking for a Franco Zeffirelli movie.	Romeo and Juliet
2 What else is that about?	Romance, shakespeare, Franco Zeffirelli, Olivia Hussey
3 I prefer biopic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brother Sun, Sister Moon

1 City of Angels, Before Sunrise, Miracle on 34th Street, Bad Boys, Basic Instinct, V for Vendetta, and Scent of a Woman are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Will Smith movie.	Hitch
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Eva Mendes, Kevin James, Amber Valletta
3 I prefer Jaden Smith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pursuit of Happyness

1 I love Toy Story, Dances with Wolves, Speed, The Silence of the Lambs, Nell, The Shawshank Redemption, and Babe. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I like Sandra Bullock movies more. Do you know anything else?	While You Were Sleeping

1 I liked Being There, The Philadelphia Story, West Side Story, Casablanca, Annie Hall, Taxi Driver, and The Nightmare Before Christmas. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Lester
3 I like Bob Fosse movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cabaret

1 Finding Nemo, Night of the Living Dead, Inside Llewyn Davis, Say Anything..., Fight Club, American Beauty, and Ed Wood are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hotel movie.	The Grand Budapest Hotel
2 What else is that about?	murder, Wes Anderson, Ralph Fiennes, Hotel, 2014
3 I rate Ghost movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shining

1 I liked Forrest Gump, Clerks, The Shawshank Redemption, Stargate, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Ed Wood, and Independence Day. I'm looking for a James Coburn movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 Who does that star?	Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller
3 I rate Charles Bronson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Magnificent Seven

1 I love Philadelphia, Desperado, Leaving Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, Dead Man Walking, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Heavy Metal
2 What else is that about?	Animation, nudity
3 I rate Santa Claus movies. Any other suggestions?	Rise of the Guardians

1 The Avengers, Finding Nemo, The Book of Eli, Equilibrium, A Charlie Brown Christmas, Megamind, and Hugo are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Miller, Phil Lord
3 I like Mark Sandrich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Skies

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Face/Off, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Phillip Noyce movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce

1 The Last of the Mohicans, The Hunt for Red October, A Christmas Story, Highlander, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Ninja Scroll, and Enemy at the Gates are films I really like. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Code 46
2 What else is that about?	soundtrack, Michael Winterbottom
3 I like alabama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Forrest Gump

1 When Harry Met Sally..., A Close Shave, The 39 Steps, Breaking the Waves, M, Fargo, and Touch of Evil are films I liked. I'm looking for a cat burglar movie.	To Catch a Thief
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Grace Kelly

1 The Thin Man, The Searchers, Ghost in the Shell, Lawrence of Arabia, Hamlet, Cyrano de Bergerac, and The Producers are movies I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Little Women
2 What else is that about?	classic, Mervyn LeRoy, Louisa May Alcott
3 I prefer Romance movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Somewhere in Time

1 Rob Roy, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Get Shorty, Strawberry and Chocolate, Toy Story, Exotica, and The Perez Family are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Little Odessa
2 Who does that star?	Tim Roth, Edward Furlong, Vanessa Redgrave, Moira Kelly
3 I prefer Peter Stormare movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fargo

1 I really like A League of Their Own, Stand by Me, Arsenic and Old Lace, Life Is Beautiful, To Catch a Thief, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Little Mermaid
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Daniel Barnes, Jodi Benson, Pat Carroll
3 I like Chris Elliott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Groundhog Day

1 I liked L.A. Confidential, House of Games, Braveheart, Fight Club, The Player, The Conformist, and Short Cuts. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like John Frankenheimer movies more. Do you know anything else?	French Connection II

1 I loved The Man Who Would Be King, Office Space, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, It's a Wonderful Life, Boogie Nights, Casablanca, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Kiss Me Deadly
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Meeker
3 I prefer Ben Bard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ghost Ship

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Little Big Man, The Big Chill, My Cousin Vinny, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Bonnie and Clyde, and The Piano are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	An Ideal Husband
2 Who does that star?	Paulette Goddard, Michael Wilding, Diana Wynyard, Hugh Williams
3 I rate Alec Baldwin movies. Any other suggestions?	Beetlejuice

1 I liked Sherlock Holmes, Gladiator, Catch Me If You Can, Live Free or Die Hard, The Green Mile, Ocean's Eleven, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Carla Gugino, James Wong
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pirates of Blood River

1 I watched the films Planet of the Apes, The NeverEnding Story, A Grand Day Out, The Shining, The Princess Bride, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? and loved them. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Much
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock

1 Blade Runner, Gattaca, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a detective movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I rate Jack Smight movies. Any other suggestions?	No Way to Treat a Lady

1 The Crying Game, 8½, Bringing Up Baby, The Conversation, Blade Runner, My Neighbor Totoro, and The Shop on Main Street are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Trouble in Paradise
2 Who does that star?	Charles Ruggles, Herbert Marshall, Miriam Hopkins, Kay Francis
3 I like Michael Clarke Duncan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Whole Nine Yards

1 Airplane!, Big Fish, Any Given Sunday, Apollo 13, Aladdin, The Shawshank Redemption, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bosnia movie.	Behind Enemy Lines
2 What else is that about?	War, Owen Wilson, Gene Hackman, rescue, John Moore, bosnia

1 Dead Man Walking, Swingers, The English Patient, Jerry Maguire, Fargo, Trainspotting, and The Godfather are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	Big Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Stanley Tucci, Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Tony Shalhoub, Campbell Scott
3 I like Denzel Washington movies more. Do you know anything else?	Training Day

1 Shrek, Finding Nemo, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Titanic, Jurassic Park, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Catch Me If You Can are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 What else is that about?	twist ending, Thriller, Bruce Willis, supernatural, surprise ending, M. Night Shyamalan, twist, 2, Haley Joel Osment, dead, shyamalan
3 I prefer Claude Chabrol movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Le Boucher

1 Juno, The Fountain, The Silence of the Lambs, Sabrina, V for Vendetta, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are films I liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Red Shoes
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger
3 I rate Malik Bendjelloul movies. Any other suggestions?	Searching for Sugar Man

1 I watched the films The Sixth Sense, Bull Durham, Payback, The Cannonball Run, Independence Day, The Boondock Saints, and Dogma and loved them. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	One Night at McCool's
2 Who is that directed by?	Harald Zwart
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Behind the Candelabra

1 Gosford Park, Much Ado About Nothing, The Hangover, The Fugitive, Highlander, The French Connection, and Chinatown are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Game
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Mystery, Sean Penn, David Fincher, Michael Douglas, 4
3 I prefer murder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Psycho

1 I like The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Maltese Falcon, Sleepy Hollow, The Matrix, Alien, True Romance, and Ghost in the Shell. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate kaiju movies. Any other suggestions?	Son of Godzilla

1 Forrest Gump, The Bodyguard, Titanic, Jerry Maguire, Addicted to Love, Sleepless in Seattle, and Pretty Woman are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Picture Perfect
2 What else is that about?	Jennifer Aniston
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Police Academy

1 Once Upon a Time in America, Witness, 12 Angry Men, Blue Velvet, The Thin Red Line, Glengarry Glen Ross, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	The Untouchables
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Robert De Niro, Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, ennio morricone, Brian De Palma, David Mamet, prohibition, na
3 I like drugs movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live and Let Die

1 Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, Schindler's List, Apollo 13, Aladdin, True Lies, and The Lion King are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I like George Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ghost Breakers

1 In the Mood for Love, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Apocalypse Now, Requiem for a Dream, Repo Man, and Spirited Away are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Even the Rain
2 What else is that about?	Spanish, Bolivia
3 I like Stephen Frears movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Beautiful Laundrette

1 I really liked Short Cuts, The Last Days of Disco, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Gattaca, Fargo, To Catch a Thief, and The City of Lost Children. I'm looking for a jewish family movie.	Slums of Beverly Hills
2 What else is that about?	1970s, jewish family

1 Volver, Bad Education, Gaslight, Desperately Seeking Susan, Risky Business, Careful, and Wonder Boys are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Fountainhead
2 What else is that about?	King Vidor, Ayn Rand
3 I prefer Meryl Streep movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Defending Your Life

1 I really like The Lion King, Saving Private Ryan, Chasing Amy, Beauty and the Beast, Shakespeare in Love, and Titanic. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	Pump Up the Volume
2 What else is that about?	Christian Slater, Allan Moyle
3 I prefer eco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Name of the Rose

1 I like St. Elmo's Fire, North by Northwest, Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead, The Benchwarmers, Mr. Deeds, Nicholas Nickleby, and On the Town. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Under the Rainbow
2 Who does that star?	Carrie Fisher, Chevy Chase, Eve Arden
3 I prefer Barbra Streisand movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mirror Has Two Faces

1 The Player, Saving Private Ryan, Chariots of Fire, The Sting, The Usual Suspects, Fargo, and Annie Hall are films I like. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	Broadcast News
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, television, William Hurt, Albert Brooks, Holly Hunter, James L. Brooks
3 I prefer Mike Nichols movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carnal Knowledge

1 Charade, Rosemary's Baby, The Parent Trap, Shakespeare in Love, Roman Holiday, From Russia with Love, and A Fish Called Wanda are movies I love. I'm looking for a Paul Rudd movie.	The Object of My Affection
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicholas Hytner
3 I rate Amy Heckerling movies. Any other suggestions?	I Could Never Be Your Woman

1 I love Little Miss Sunshine, RKO 281, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Salvador, The Greatest Show on Earth, Fargo, and The Paper Chase. I'm looking for a Martin Ritt movie.	Cross Creek
2 What else is that about?	Martin Ritt
3 I rate Beau Bridges movies. Any other suggestions?	Norma Rae

1 Breaking the Waves, Bicycle Thieves, One Hour Photo, The Constant Gardener, Bull Durham, Almost Famous, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for an ensemble cast movie.	Cop Land
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Sylvester Stallone, Harvey Keitel, Ray Liotta
3 I rate Michael Madsen movies. Any other suggestions?	Reservoir Dogs

1 Forrest Gump, Midnight Run, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Happiness, Animal House, Mister Roberts, and Field of Dreams are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Road House
2 Who is that directed by?	Jean Negulesco
3 I prefer Jon Gunn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Like Dandelion Dust

1 Breakfast at Tiffany's, Roman Holiday, Jurassic Park, The Fugitive, It's a Wonderful Life, A Fish Called Wanda, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Tank Girl
2 What else is that about?	stylized, comic book, punk, Lori Petty
3 I like Minnie Driver movies more. Do you know anything else?	High Heels and Low Lifes

1 I love Superman, Love Actually, Finding Neverland, Pretty Woman, A Fish Called Wanda, Last Tango in Paris, and Closer. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Gothika
2 Who does that star?	Halle Berry
3 I rate Oprah Winfrey movies. Any other suggestions?	Beloved

1 I love Mutiny on the Bounty, The Elephant Man, Psycho, Pinocchio, Beauty and the Beast, Frankenstein, and Mary Poppins. I'm looking for a John Ford movie.	How Green Was My Valley
2 What else is that about?	John Ford, Welsh
3 I rate Maureen O'Hara movies. Any other suggestions?	The Long Gray Line

1 I really liked Junior, Crimson Tide, Cliffhanger, Beverly Hills Cop III, Clear and Present Danger, Bad Boys, and Speed. I'm looking for a Jim Carrey movie.	The Cable Guy
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Stiller
3 I prefer John Requa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Love You Phillip Morris

1 I loved Key Largo, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Fugitive, Mrs. Miniver, Life Is Beautiful, Fantasia, and The Crying Game. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Paris, Texas
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil

1 I really like Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium, Groundhog Day, Saturday Night Fever, The Outsiders, Spider-Man, Point of No Return, and Max Dugan Returns. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Secretariat
2 What else is that about?	disney, kentucky, Randall Wallace
3 I prefer Steve Buscemi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Interview

1 I loved The City of Lost Children, Groundhog Day, Bob Roberts, Blade Runner, Barcelona, Fantasia, and Magnolia. I'm looking for a John Boorman movie.	Hope and Glory
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, London, John Boorman
3 I rate merlin movies. Any other suggestions?	Excalibur

1 I watched the films The Hangover, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, 10 Things I Hate About You, Casablanca, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Back to the Future, and V for Vendetta and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Christopher Plummer, Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly
3 I like Claudio Bigagli movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fiorile

1 Saving Private Ryan, The Matrix, Rushmore, Big Trouble in Little China, Army of Darkness, The Royal Tenenbaums, and The Wedding Singer are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Galaxy Quest
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tim Allen, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub
3 I rate James Stewart movies. Any other suggestions?	Thunder Bay

1 True Romance, Dances with Wolves, The Piano, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape are films I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, fairy tale, national film registry, animated, fairy-tale
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alien

1 Psycho, Requiem for a Dream, Boogie Nights, Phone Booth, Titanic, Solaris, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I liked. I'm looking for a Richard Linklater movie.	Tape
2 What else is that about?	Uma Thurman, Ethan Hawke, Richard Linklater
3 I like Claire Danes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Me and Orson Welles

1 I like The Jewel of the Nile, The Dirty Dozen, Romancing the Stone, Beauty and the Beast, Vertigo, Das Boot, and Alice in Wonderland. I'm looking for a Peter Pan movie.	Peter Pan
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, disney, disney animated feature, Peter Pan, animated classic
3 I prefer Marc Forster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Finding Neverland

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Rashomon, The King's Speech, Full Metal Jacket, Taken, Saving Private Ryan, and The Chronicles of Riddick are films I really like. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Thor
2 What else is that about?	superhero, Natalie Portman, marvel, Anthony Hopkins, 3d, marvel cinematic universe, Kenneth Branagh, Chris Hemsworth, Kat Dennings, Tom Hiddleston, king, loki, marvel comics
3 I rate Eddie Redmayne movies. Any other suggestions?	My Week with Marilyn

1 Empire Records, Mulholland Drive, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Brick, Labyrinth, and The Departed are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Luchino Visconti movie.	The Leopard
2 What else is that about?	Luchino Visconti
3 I like melodrama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Senso

1 The Sixth Sense, The Silence of the Lambs, Beauty and the Beast, Pleasantville, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, The Fugitive, and Office Space are films I liked. I'm looking for a weird al movie.	UHF
2 Who is that directed by?	Jay Levey

1 I liked The Little Shop of Horrors, American Beauty, A Room with a View, Cinema Paradiso, Wag the Dog, Babe, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Postman
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer Robert D. Webb movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beneath the 12-Mile Reef

1 American Beauty, The Usual Suspects, American Graffiti, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Men in Black, Heathers, and Waiting for Guffman are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Killing Zoe
2 What else is that about?	Heist, Roger Avary
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Le Samouraï

1 I liked Amélie and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Love, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, siblings, Gene Hackman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Luke Wilson, Anjelica Huston
3 I rate Telly Savalas movies. Any other suggestions?	Kelly's Heroes

1 The Usual Suspects, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future, Fight Club, High Fidelity, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and American Beauty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Dan Aykroyd movie.	Ghostbusters
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I rate George Armitage movies. Any other suggestions?	Grosse Pointe Blank

1 I like The Mummy, Hackers, The Usual Suspects, The Matrix, Back to the Future, Spaceballs, and Enemy of the State. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Rising Sun
2 Who is that directed by?	Philip Kaufman
3 I like Frank Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Congo

1 Die Hard, Blade Runner, Full Metal Jacket, Brazil, Das Boot, Annie Hall, and The Killer are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Pi
2 What else is that about?	surreal, psychological, r, directorial debut, Darren Aronofsky, math
3 I rate Police movies. Any other suggestions?	Infernal Affairs

1 I loved Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Parent Trap, Witness, Erin Brockovich, My Cousin Vinny, The Indian in the Cupboard, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for a Dreams movie.	Dreamscape
2 What else is that about?	Dreams
3 I like Akira Kurosawa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dreams

1 Miller's Crossing, Jaws, Bound, The Matrix, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Blues Brothers, and Jerry Maguire are films I like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Primal Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, murder, Edward Norton, Richard Gere, Laura Linney, Gregory Hoblit
3 I rate Otto Preminger movies. Any other suggestions?	Anatomy of a Murder

1 I loved Braveheart, Heat, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I prefer Elia Kazan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On the Waterfront

1 The Conversation, Dial M for Murder, The Fly, Nixon, The Vanishing, Bicycle Thieves, and The 39 Steps are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a merlin movie.	Excalibur
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nigel Terry

1 Network, The Shining, Pulp Fiction, Mulholland Drive, Pi, Fight Club, and The Dark Knight are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Judi Dench movie.	GoldenEye
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Campbell
3 I prefer John Madden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel

1 Trainspotting, The Shawshank Redemption, Taxi Driver, The Rock, Fargo, Natural Born Killers, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I like Jonathan Hensleigh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kill the Irishman

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Bonnie and Clyde, Toy Story, The Wizard of Oz, The Godfather, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Rashomon
2 What else is that about?	japan, masterpiece, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I like Japanese movies more. Do you know anything else?	5 Centimeters Per Second

1 Big Daddy, Mary Poppins, The Matrix, Boys Don't Cry, Erin Brockovich, Aladdin, and Happy Gilmore are movies I love. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I prefer Adam Brooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Definitely, Maybe

1 10 Things I Hate About You, Men in Black, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, Toy Story 2, The Mask, Clueless, and Sister Act are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Leguizamo movie.	The Pest
2 What else is that about?	John Leguizamo
3 I like Mickey Rourke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spun

1 Psycho, Sabrina, Beverly Hills Cop, Say Anything..., Braveheart, The General, and Duck Soup are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I prefer Thomas Carter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Metro

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Saving Private Ryan, The Odd Couple, A Clockwork Orange, Apocalypse Now, Schindler's List, and Black Hawk Down are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I like firefighters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Backdraft

1 I watched the films Sixteen Candles, The Love Bug, A Grand Day Out, The Cat from Outer Space, Fletch, Mary Poppins, and The Muppets Take Manhattan and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Raven
2 Who is that directed by?	Ulli Lommel
3 I like Gordon Douglas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Them!

1 I really like Patton, The Goonies, The Great Escape, There's Something About Mary, South Pacific, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Longest Day. I'm looking for a Lee Marvin movie.	The Dirty Dozen
2 Who does that star?	Charles Bronson, Ernest Borgnine, Lee Marvin, Jim Brown
3 I like Raymond Burr movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gorilla at Large

1 Copycat, The Matrix, The Godfather, Men in Black, Sense and Sensibility, Pleasantville, and American Beauty are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I like Aliens movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dreamcatcher

1 I really like Blade Runner, 12 Angry Men, To Kill a Mockingbird, Dead Man Walking, Forbidden Planet, Notorious, and The English Patient. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rebel Without a Cause
2 Who does that star?	James Dean
3 I prefer Kati Outinen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Le Havre

1 I really like The Social Network, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Pulp Fiction, Deliverance, Sling Blade, Cape Fear, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. I'm looking for a r movie.	Babel
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, japan, mexico, Morocco, Alejandro González Iñárritu
3 I rate Charlize Theron movies. Any other suggestions?	Reindeer Games

1 Memento, Citizen Kane, Evil Dead II, Edward Scissorhands, Duck Soup, Brazil, and Alien are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Run Lola Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Tykwer
3 I like Eric Red movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cohen and Tate

1 Amélie, One False Move, Double Indemnity, Star Trek, Magnolia, Unforgiven, and Sweet Smell of Success are films I liked. I'm looking for a 1970s movie.	C.R.A.Z.Y.
2 What else is that about?	gay, 1970s
3 I prefer Al Pacino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Donnie Brasco

1 I like The Fugitive, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Shawshank Redemption, Casino, Crimson Tide, Forrest Gump, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I like Hank Azaria movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery Men

1 Mary Poppins, Murder in the First, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Schindler's List, The Frighteners, Stand by Me, and Babe are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Claire Danes, Peter Gallagher
3 I like Kathleen Turner movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Breed Apart

1 I watched the films The Net, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Congo, When a Man Loves a Woman, Dolores Claiborne, Miracle on 34th Street, and Cliffhanger and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Perez Family
2 Who is that directed by?	Mira Nair
3 I like René Clair movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Grand Maneuver

1 The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy, Million Dollar Baby, The Incredibles, The Princess Bride, Finding Nemo, and Rudy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Cinderella
2 What else is that about?	fairy tale
3 I rate witch movies. Any other suggestions?	I Married a Witch

1 Reservoir Dogs, Evil Dead II, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Solaris, A Room with a View, Cold Comfort Farm, and Beauty and the Beast are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Ghost and Mrs. Muir
2 What else is that about?	Gene Tierney, Rex Harrison
3 I rate sequel movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

1 The King's Speech, Black Swan, Donnie Darko, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Oldboy, and American History X are films I like. I'm looking for a Brad Pitt movie.	Seven Years in Tibet
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, David Thewlis
3 I like Patricia Arquette movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Romance

1 I watched the films Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Smoke, The English Patient, Shine, Six Degrees of Separation, Stand by Me, and Searching for Bobby Fischer and loved them. I'm looking for a mockumentary movie.	Bob Roberts
2 What else is that about?	mockumentary, Tim Robbins
3 I like Bruce McDonald movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hard Core Logo

1 Heat, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, Taxi Driver, Crimson Tide, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	Carlito's Way
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I prefer James Gray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	We Own the Night

1 I like Titan A.E., Sleepy Hollow, The City of Lost Children, Amélie, Dead Poets Society, Shrek 2, and Mystery Men. I'm looking for a Vincent Cassel movie.	Brotherhood of the Wolf
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Cassel, Monica Bellucci, Samuel Le Bihan
3 I prefer Ben Chaplin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Birthday Girl

1 I love Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Despicable Me, The Dark Knight, How to Train Your Dragon, Toy Story, Good Will Hunting, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Kristen Wiig movie.	Despicable Me 2
2 What else is that about?	Steve Carell, Steve Coogan, Kristen Wiig, Russell Brand, Ken Jeong, minions, Chris Renaud, Benjamin Bratt
3 I rate Jason Bateman movies. Any other suggestions?	Extract

1 The City of Lost Children, The Santa Clause, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wizard of Oz, The Princess Bride, The Shawshank Redemption, and Brazil are films I like. I'm looking for an altman movie.	The Player
2 What else is that about?	satire, satirical, hollywood, Tim Robbins, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Nashville

1 Annie Hall, The Incredibles, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Brazil, Laura, Mulholland Drive, and 8½ are films I really liked. I'm looking for a History movie.	Hero
2 What else is that about?	china, Jet Li, wuxia, Chinese, zhang yimou
3 I prefer tarkovsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Andrei Rublev

1 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Fight Club, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Sin City, Battle Royale, Home Alone, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adam Sandler, school, Tamra Davis
3 I rate Hotel movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Rooms

1 Psycho, Breaker Morant, Spartacus, Anne Frank Remembered, The Great Escape, The Godfather, and Soylent Green are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Stepford Wives
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remade
3 I prefer sequel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jaws 3-D

1 I really liked Brokeback Mountain, The Right Stuff, Pleasantville, The Talented Mr. Ripley, As Good as It Gets, Far from Heaven, and Sophie's Choice. I'm looking for a che guevara movie.	The Motorcycle Diaries
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, r, own, biopic, motorcycle, latin america, south america, Revolution, argentina, 3, che guevara, chile, peru, Walter Salles, Gael García Bernal

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Remains of the Day, Jumanji, French Kiss, Mrs. Doubtfire, Forrest Gump, and Disclosure are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Ice-T movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Longo

1 I really like The Cider House Rules, The Opposite of Sex, Maverick, Night on Earth, Starship Troopers, Swingers, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for an Edward Furlong movie.	Pecker
2 Who does that star?	Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci
3 I prefer Danny Trejo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Animal Factory

1 I liked Braveheart, The Fugitive, Species, In the Line of Fire, Speed, Ghost, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a Danny Elfman movie.	The Nightmare Before Christmas
2 Who does that star?	Catherine O'Hara, Chris Sarandon, William Hickey, Danny Elfman

1 I loved Lord of War, Ratatouille, National Treasure, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, The Hangover, Robin Hood, and Superbad. I'm looking for a Jennifer Connelly movie.	The Rocketeer
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jennifer Connelly, Timothy Dalton, Joe Johnston
3 I like Crispin Glover movies more. Do you know anything else?	9

1 Fly Away Home, Space Jam, With Honors, Something to Talk About, The Candidate, Diabolique, and Higher Learning are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Reckless
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman René
3 I prefer Mike Cahill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	King of California

1 I like The Cabin in the Woods, The Dark Knight Rises, The Usual Suspects, BURN-E, X-Men, Milk, and 28 Weeks Later. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Hustle
2 What else is that about?	predictable, r, Christian Bale, 1970s, Jennifer Lawrence, Amy Adams, con artists, Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Renner, new jersey, David O. Russell, 70s
3 I like Takashi Miike movies more. Do you know anything else?	13 Assassins

1 Die Hard, Die Hard 2, Gladiator, It's a Wonderful Life, Airplane!, The Jerk, and The Firm are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Army of Darkness
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I like Frank Capra movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lost Horizon

1 A Little Princess, The Fugitive, The Usual Suspects, Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I like. I'm looking for a Nicholas Hytner movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner
3 I prefer school movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The History Boys

1 Life Is Beautiful, Notting Hill, The Man in the Iron Mask, Mystery, Alaska, The Full Monty, The Wedding Singer, and The Shining are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	American Pie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, teen, virginity, Seann William Scott, Alyson Hannigan, Jason Biggs, Chris Weitz, Shannon Elizabeth, Chris Klein
3 I prefer Gérard Oury movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Delusions of Grandeur

1 I like The Silence of the Lambs, The Remains of the Day, Ben-Hur, A Grand Day Out, The Piano, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Elephant Man. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Gone with the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor, Victor Fleming, Sam Wood
3 I like John Singleton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Poetic Justice

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, GoldenEye, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, The Usual Suspects, Anne Frank Remembered, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a realism movie.	Pather Panchali
2 Who does that star?	Chunibala Devi
3 I prefer Enzo Staiola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bicycle Thieves

1 Fight Club, Moon, Sunshine, Once Upon a Time in the West, Good Will Hunting, Ghost in the Shell, and Source Code are films I liked. I'm looking for a time travel movie.	Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel
2 What else is that about?	time travel, future, Anna Faris, Chris O'Dowd, pub
3 I like Rachel McAdams movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Time Traveler's Wife

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, The Godfather, The Count of Monte Cristo, American History X, Saving Private Ryan, and The Matrix are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Greek movie.	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, wedding, Greek, Nia Vardalos
3 I like Christos Stergioglou movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dogtooth

1 Schindler's List, North by Northwest, The Sting, A Simple Plan, American Beauty, The Crying Game, and The Maltese Falcon are movies I like. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	Psycho
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I rate Alfred Hitchcock movies. Any other suggestions?	Rear Window

1 Gone with the Wind, Old Yeller, Breaking Away, Ben-Hur, The Elephant Man, Saving Private Ryan, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 What else is that about?	War, Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Alan J. Pakula
3 I prefer civil war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman

1 Interstellar, The Notebook, Despicable Me, The Orphanage, The Dark Knight, Forrest Gump, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a social experiment movie.	The Wave
2 Who does that star?	Max Riemelt, Jürgen Vogel, Jennifer Ulrich, Frederick Lau

1 I really like Forbidden Planet, The Graduate, But I'm a Cheerleader, The Fisher King, A Room with a View, Roman Holiday, and The Ice Storm. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Little Foxes
2 What else is that about?	William Wyler
3 I rate Amanda Seyfried movies. Any other suggestions?	Letters to Juliet

1 I loved The Wrestler, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Taxi Driver, The Mask, Alpha Dog, Crazy Heart, and Love Actually. I'm looking for a Josh Hartnett movie.	Black Hawk Down
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Eric Bana, Tom Sizemore, Josh Hartnett
3 I like Gackt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bunraku

1 I loved The Terminal, No Country for Old Men, The Man Who Wasn't There, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Paths of Glory, Black Hawk Down, and The Art of Negative Thinking. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Bridge
2 What else is that about?	suicide
3 I prefer abortion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	After Tiller

1 I love Manhattan, Blue Velvet, Wild Strawberries, Paris, Texas, The Passion of Joan of Arc, Seven Samurai, and Broadway Danny Rose. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I prefer Blake Edwards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Party

1 The Usual Suspects, Moneyball, The Time Machine, Top Gun, Edward Scissorhands, Braveheart, and Titanic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Infernal Affairs
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Police, story, remade, hong kong, foreign language, Andy Lau, tony leung
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Changeling

1 Pretty Woman, Serial Mom, Dangerous Minds, Waiting to Exhale, Something to Talk About, Anne Frank Remembered, and Forrest Gump are movies I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	It Takes Two
2 Who does that star?	Steve Guttenberg, Kirstie Alley, Ashley Olsen

1 Gods and Monsters, Cinema Paradiso, A Close Shave, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Braveheart, and The Full Monty are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I rate Orson Welles movies. Any other suggestions?	Citizen Kane

1 I really liked The Killer, Ruby in Paradise, Forrest Gump, The Pillow Book, Goodfellas, Glory, and Paths of Glory. I'm looking for an Emily Watson movie.	Breaking the Waves
2 What else is that about?	Love, Lars von Trier, Emily Watson
3 I prefer Paul Giamatti movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cold Souls

1 Stop Making Sense, The Red Violin, Reservoir Dogs, The Godfather, Dogma, Pulp Fiction, and Apocalypse Now are movies I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould
2 Who is that directed by?	François Girard
3 I prefer Jonathan Lynn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fighting Temptations

1 I like The Usual Suspects, Blade Runner, Gattaca, MASH, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Shawshank Redemption, and Amélie. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Mulholland Drive
2 Who does that star?	Naomi Watts, Laura Harring
3 I rate Emilio Estevez movies. Any other suggestions?	Repo Man

1 I liked Doctor Zhivago, Double Indemnity, 10 Things I Hate About You, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Gilda, Out of Africa, and L.A. Story. I'm looking for a Joseph H. Lewis movie.	The Big Combo
2 What else is that about?	Joseph H. Lewis
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gun Crazy

1 Touch of Evil, The Garden of the Finzi-Continis, The Great Escape, M, From Here to Eternity, Manhattan, and The Thin Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a film noir movie.	Out of the Past
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas, Robert Mitchum, Jane Greer
3 I rate Orson Welles movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lady from Shanghai

1 Children of Heaven, Casablanca, Fahrenheit 451, Miller's Crossing, A Christmas Carol, The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, and Dead Poets Society are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	The Dancer Upstairs
2 Who is that directed by?	John Malkovich
3 I prefer Robert Zemeckis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beowulf

1 I watched the films Casino, The American President, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Cliffhanger, Pulp Fiction, and Tombstone and loved them. I'm looking for a Richard Benjamin movie.	Milk Money
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Melanie Griffith
3 I like Whoopi Goldberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Made in America

1 Gone with the Wind, Coming to America, True Lies, Pollyanna, Ghost, The Spy Who Loved Me, and The Wizard of Oz are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Never Say Never Again
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, 007, bond
3 I rate Guillermo del Toro movies. Any other suggestions?	Blade II

1 Gods and Monsters, The Big Lebowski, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Misery, The African Queen, Moulin Rouge!, and Rushmore are movies I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Songcatcher
2 What else is that about?	Drama, appalachia
3 I like Mark Herman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Voice

1 I liked A League of Their Own, The Birdcage, Magnolia, The Sixth Sense, Mighty Aphrodite, Scent of a Woman, and Love Actually. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Tim Burton, children, adaptation, Roald Dahl, Chocolate, factory, Freddie Highmore, burton
3 I rate Edgar Rice Burroughs movies. Any other suggestions?	Tarzan and the Lost City

1 I loved Toy Story, The Lion King, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Quiz Show
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Redford
3 I like John Guillermin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Towering Inferno

1 Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Cool Runnings, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Pretty Woman, Tarzan, Circle of Friends, and Babe are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A League of Their Own
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Tom Hanks, baseball, Madonna, Geena Davis, Rosie O'Donnell, Penny Marshall
3 I rate Stephen Frears movies. Any other suggestions?	Dirty Pretty Things

1 The Maltese Falcon, Run Lola Run, Airplane!, High Plains Drifter, Twister, Bull Durham, and Duck Soup are films I really like. I'm looking for a book movie.	The Razor's Edge
2 What else is that about?	book, Edmund Goulding, Tyrone Power
3 I rate christianity movies. Any other suggestions?	The Da Vinci Code

1 I really like Diva, Rear Window, Rumble in the Bronx, The Terminator, Citizen Kane, East of Eden, and Patton. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Spellbound
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I prefer Jacques Rivette movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paris Belongs to Us

1 Willow, Casablanca, Chicken Run, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Catch Me If You Can, Big Fish, and Pay It Forward are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Graham Greene movie.	Maverick
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Western, Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster, poker, Alfred Molina, Richard Donner, Graham Greene, James Garner
3 I rate native americans movies. Any other suggestions?	Thunderheart

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Client, Sense and Sensibility, I Shot Andy Warhol, The Remains of the Day, The Candidate, and Les Misérables are films I loved. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 What else is that about?	lesbian
3 I prefer Chicago movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Go Fish

1 Roman Holiday, My Fair Lady, I.Q., In Love and War, Only You, Pretty Woman, and Jerry Maguire are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Object of My Affection
2 What else is that about?	gay, Jennifer Aniston, Paul Rudd
3 I like Edward F. Cline movies more. Do you know anything else?	Million Dollar Legs

1 Full Metal Jacket, The Piano, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Casablanca, Waiting for Guffman, Blade Runner, and Emma are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chasing Amy
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, lesbian, romantic, Kevin Smith, view askew, Jason Lee
3 I rate Steve Martin movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid

1 I really like The Godfather, Bonnie and Clyde, Belle de Jour, Seven Samurai, Goodfellas, Alien, and Annie Hall. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Man Godfrey
2 What else is that about?	remake, Henry Koster
3 I prefer Michael Keaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Multiplicity

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Enemy of the State, Falling Down, The Da Vinci Code, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Boondock Saints, and Beetlejuice are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a humor movie.	Hellboy
2 What else is that about?	Action, superhero, nazis, humor, super-hero, Guillermo del Toro, Ron Perlman, occult, graphic novel, demon, Red
3 I rate tarantino movies. Any other suggestions?	Pulp Fiction

1 I love E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Killing Fields, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Last Emperor, A Hard Day's Night, and Das Boot. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	All Quiet on the Western Front
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone
3 I prefer Jules Dassin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Naked City

1 Rushmore, The General, Courage Under Fire, L.A. Confidential, Cold Comfort Farm, The Thin Man, and My Dinner with Andre are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Rowan Atkinson movie.	Bean
2 Who is that directed by?	Mel Smith
3 I like Steve Bendelack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Bean's Holiday

1 The Godfather, High Noon, Cape Fear, The Lion King, High Fidelity, Duck Soup, and The Postman Always Rings Twice are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Takeshi Kitano movie.	Brother
2 What else is that about?	japan, Takeshi Kitano
3 I like Japanese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kids Return

1 I really liked The Terminator, My Neighbor Totoro, Pulp Fiction, Dune, And Now for Something Completely Different, American History X, and Das Boot. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ring
2 Who is that directed by?	Gore Verbinski
3 I rate Steven R. Monroe movies. Any other suggestions?	I Spit on Your Grave

1 Nell, Jurassic Park, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, Crimson Tide, The American President, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a sexual harassment movie.	Disclosure
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Donald Sutherland, Demi Moore

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Short Cuts, Desperado, Sense and Sensibility, Clerks, Rumble in the Bronx, and Jurassic Park are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Multiplicity
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Harold Ramis, Andie MacDowell
3 I rate Barry Levinson movies. Any other suggestions?	What Just Happened

1 I love Trainspotting, As Good as It Gets, Ocean's Eleven, The Shining, Dan in Real Life, Lord of War, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Judi Dench movie.	GoldenEye
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Campbell
3 I rate Richard Eyre movies. Any other suggestions?	Notes on a Scandal

1 The Shining, Evil Dead II, Magnolia, High Noon, Raging Bull, The Big Sleep, and Toy Story 2 are films I like. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Diamonds Are Forever
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Guy Hamilton
3 I prefer Pierce Brosnan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The World Is Not Enough

1 I really liked Erin Brockovich, Pretty Woman, Magnolia, Grease, Moulin Rouge!, Forrest Gump, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Story of Us
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Bruce Willis, marriage, Michelle Pfeiffer, Rob Reiner
3 I rate black comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Death to Smoochy

1 Some Like It Hot, Cabaret, MASH, The Maltese Falcon, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Sting, and Psycho are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chinatown
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway
3 I prefer Julian Sands movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Boxing Helena

1 Stripes, Blade Runner, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, My Fair Lady, Repo Man, The Blues Brothers, and A Close Shave are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Cary Grant movie.	Operation Petticoat
2 What else is that about?	Cary Grant, Blake Edwards, Tony Curtis
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Touch of Pink

1 Independence Day, The Game, Scream, A Time to Kill, The Shawshank Redemption, Twister, and Titanic are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Copycat
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Sigourney Weaver
3 I like Gwyneth Paltrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Perfect Murder

1 Casablanca, Smoke, Grosse Pointe Blank, Dead Poets Society, Men in Black, A Bronx Tale, and Alien are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Election
2 Who is that directed by?	Johnnie To
3 I prefer Roger Donaldson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bank Job

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Forrest Gump, Girl, Interrupted, The Virgin Suicides, The Shining, The Shawshank Redemption, and Back to the Future are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Where the Heart Is
2 Who does that star?	Uma Thurman, Dabney Coleman
3 I prefer Loretta Swit movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Freebie and the Bean

1 I loved Spirited Away, Batman Begins, The Matrix, Star Trek, The Dark Knight, Princess Mononoke, and Inception. I'm looking for a dialogue movie.	Iron Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, superhero, comic book, dialogue, story, military, marvel, terrorism, business, kidnapping, script, Jeff Bridges, technology, Gwyneth Paltrow, product placement, marvel cinematic universe, California, weapons, Iron Man, The Avengers, Jon Favreau, Terrence Howard, playboy, exoskeleton
3 I prefer mob movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pulp Fiction

1 Boyz n the Hood, Coming to America, The Muppet Movie, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Friday, The Princess Bride, and The Jungle Book are films I loved. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Small Time Crooks
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	New York Stories

1 Forrest Gump, The Deer Hunter, Das Boot, The Killing Fields, Sabrina, Platoon, and Brazil are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 Who does that star?	Paul Newman, George Kennedy
3 I rate Burt Lancaster movies. Any other suggestions?	Birdman of Alcatraz

1 Toy Story, Arsenic and Old Lace, Sleepless in Seattle, The Abyss, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, The Wedding Singer, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are films I really liked. I'm looking for a design movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I prefer Vincent Price movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vincent

1 I like Clerks, There's Something About Mary, Philadelphia, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Leaving Las Vegas, Shakespeare in Love, and Strictly Ballroom. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I rate Lasse Hallström movies. Any other suggestions?	Salmon Fishing in the Yemen

1 Groundhog Day, Jaws, The Graduate, Bambi, The Blues Brothers, The Exorcist, and Shane are movies I like. I'm looking for a cambodia movie.	The Killing Fields
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Joffé
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swimming to Cambodia

1 The Conversation, Tootsie, Incendies, The Manchurian Candidate, The Silence of the Lambs, The Insider, and Out of Sight are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Hilary Brougher
3 I rate John Erick Dowdle movies. Any other suggestions?	Devil

1 Moulin Rouge!, Princess Mononoke, About a Boy, Castle in the Sky, Rear Window, Howl's Moving Castle, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man Without a Past
2 Who is that directed by?	Aki Kaurismäki
3 I rate Ang Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Sense and Sensibility

1 Das Boot, The Godfather, Bound, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, Fargo, and Antonia's Line are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Stanley Tucci, Minnie Driver, Isabella Rossellini, Tony Shalhoub, Campbell Scott
3 I prefer Jodie Foster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Napoleon and Samantha

1 Rambo, Quantum of Solace, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Armageddon, Lethal Weapon 3, The Transporter, and RocknRolla are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jeffrey Dean Morgan movie.	The Losers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Jeffrey Dean Morgan
3 I rate alternate history movies. Any other suggestions?	Watchmen

1 Pretty Woman, Dead Man Walking, Shallow Grave, L.A. Confidential, Sleepy Hollow, Dead Again, and The Princess Bride are films I liked. I'm looking for a Hank Azaria movie.	Homegrown
2 What else is that about?	Hank Azaria, John Lithgow
3 I like Seth Green movies more. Do you know anything else?	America's Sweethearts

1 Top Gun, Pinocchio, Grumpy Old Men, Cinderella, Best in Show, Gettysburg, and Hoosiers are films I loved. I'm looking for an Old movie.	Grumpier Old Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Deutch
3 I like Samuel Fuller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pickup on South Street

1 Back to the Future, The Fugitive, Army of Darkness, Beauty and the Beast, The Little Mermaid, Scream, and Blade Runner are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise
3 I like Rod Daniel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Home Alone 4

1 I watched the films Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The City of Lost Children, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Metropolis, The Matrix, Delicatessen, and Almost Famous and loved them. I'm looking for a r movie.	Brick
2 Who is that directed by?	Rian Johnson
3 I prefer Ridley Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prometheus

1 I really liked Mr. Holland's Opus, The Rock, Ransom, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. I'm looking for a Scott Hicks movie.	Shine
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Australia, Geoffrey Rush, Scott Hicks
3 I prefer Abigail Breslin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Reservations

1 The Matrix and The Sixth Sense are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Johnny Depp, r, Tim Burton, Christina Ricci
3 I prefer zombie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Return of the Living Dead

1 I love Private Parts, Clerks, Mulholland Drive, Kicking and Screaming, Rashomon, Memento, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Murder by Death
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Peter Sellers, Alec Guinness, Truman Capote, Neil Simon, whodunit
3 I like Western movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly

1 Say Anything..., The Shawshank Redemption, Return to Paradise, Taxi Driver, Dead Poets Society, Eat Drink Man Woman, and Raging Bull are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Untouchables
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Robert De Niro, Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, ennio morricone, Brian De Palma, David Mamet, prohibition, na
3 I prefer Ethan Hawke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What Doesn't Kill You

1 I really liked Goodfellas, Total Recall, The Abyss, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Matrix, and Hoosiers. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Field of Dreams
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, Amy Madigan
3 I like Greta Gerwig movies more. Do you know anything else?	Frances Ha

1 I loved The Natural, Raiders of the Lost Ark, When Harry Met Sally..., Gladiator, It's a Wonderful Life, The Matrix, and The Others. I'm looking for a Gérard Depardieu movie.	Jean de Florette
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Berri
3 I prefer Norman Jewison movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bogus

1 I love Four Weddings and a Funeral, Rushmore, Cinema Paradiso, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Welcome to the Dollhouse, A Close Shave, and Pecker. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Hudsucker Proxy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, business, Tim Robbins, f
3 I like Steve Carell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dan in Real Life

1 I really like Back to the Future, Apollo 13, U-571, Saving Private Ryan, Good Will Hunting, Schindler's List, and The Truman Show. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Titan A.E.
2 What else is that about?	Animation, space, Don Bluth
3 I rate africa movies. Any other suggestions?	Kirikou and the Sorceress

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, Toy Story, and Sense and Sensibility and loved them. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Magic, Musical, soundtrack, Robin Williams, own, animated, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, Aladdin
3 I prefer Adam Elliot movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harvie Krumpet

1 The Commitments, The Sting, The Brothers McMullen, Clear and Present Danger, Minority Report, Sophie's Choice, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chocolat
2 What else is that about?	French, france, own, Judi Dench, Juliette Binoche, Chocolate, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate Barry Levinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Sleepers

1 The Crucible, Speed, Sleepless in Seattle, The Saint, One Fine Day, Good Will Hunting, and Two If by Sea are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Home for the Holidays
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, robert downey jr
3 I prefer Steve Carr movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Next Friday

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Elephant Man, A Christmas Story, Mallrats, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Spaceballs, and Cool Hand Luke are films I like. I'm looking for a slasher movie.	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
2 What else is that about?	Horror, slasher, Dennis Hopper, Tobe Hooper
3 I like Revenge movies more. Do you know anything else?	Prom Night

1 I liked Fight Club, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Edukators, Children of Men, Memento, American History X, and The Fall. I'm looking for a Ricky Gervais movie.	The Invention of Lying
2 Who does that star?	Jonah Hill, Jennifer Garner, Ricky Gervais, Louis C.K.
3 I prefer Ian McKellen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stardust

1 I liked The Bridges of Madison County, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Nell, Kids, Legends of the Fall, A Little Princess, and Killing Zoe. I'm looking for an aids movie.	The Cure
2 Who does that star?	Brad Renfro
3 I prefer Michel Blanc movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Witnesses

1 I love The Bridge on the River Kwai, A Fish Called Wanda, Paths of Glory, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Bowling for Columbine, The Wizard of Oz, and The Killing Fields. I'm looking for a pixar animation movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I prefer sydney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Finding Nemo

1 I really like Stand by Me, Being John Malkovich, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Saving Private Ryan, The Goonies, Fargo, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for an Elmore Leonard movie.	Jackie Brown
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino
3 I like Richard Fleischer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Majestyk

1 I loved Three Kings, The Deer Hunter, The Station Agent, Cinema Paradiso, Blue Velvet, Alien, and In Bruges. I'm looking for a George Roy Hill movie.	The World According to Garp
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill

1 The Graduate, Halloween, Psycho, Fight Club, Moulin Rouge!, Jaws, and American Beauty are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Almost Famous
2 What else is that about?	Drama, soundtrack, teen, 1970s, writer, journalist, Cameron Crowe
3 I prefer Francis Ford Coppola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rumble Fish

1 School Ties, Hoosiers, Good Will Hunting, 8 Mile, Coach Carter, The Notebook, and Sixteen Candles are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brown Sugar
2 Who does that star?	Taye Diggs, Sanaa Lathan
3 I like Marlene Dietrich movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Devil Is a Woman

1 Pretty Woman, Aliens, The Hunt for Red October, The Terminator, Mrs. Doubtfire, Braveheart, and Aladdin are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Akira
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, stylized, Animation, japan, cyberpunk, tokyo, psychic powers, manga, katsuhiro otomo
3 I rate Wolves movies. Any other suggestions?	The Flight Before Christmas

1 Hair, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Hangover Part II, A Beautiful Mind, Chicago, The Dreamers, and Gran Torino are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Paolo Sorrentino movie.	The Great Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Paolo Sorrentino

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, Blade Runner, Trainspotting, Reservoir Dogs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Highlander. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Russell Crowe, schizophrenia, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, book, Ron Howard, Paul Bettany, economics, Josh Lucas
3 I prefer Rod Lurie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Contender

1 I like Die Hard, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Caddyshack, Rushmore, The Warriors, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. I'm looking for a Kiefer Sutherland movie.	The Lost Boys
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Vampires, vampire, Brothers, Kiefer Sutherland
3 I rate Music movies. Any other suggestions?	Melancholia

1 I really like Leaving Las Vegas, Apollo 13, Dead Man Walking, Pulp Fiction, The Piano, Batman Forever, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Billy Crystal movie.	Forget Paris
2 What else is that about?	basketball, Billy Crystal, Debra Winger
3 I like Bruno Kirby movies more. Do you know anything else?	City Slickers

1 Blade Runner, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Fugitive, The Terminator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Independence Day, and Alien are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley
3 I rate Priscilla Lane movies. Any other suggestions?	Blues in the Night

1 L.A. Confidential, Grosse Pointe Blank, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Saving Private Ryan, Casablanca, Metropolitan, and The Matrix are films I loved. I'm looking for a Pete Postlethwaite movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I rate Jim Sheridan movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Name of the Father

1 Philadelphia, Boys Don't Cry, Amélie, Seven Years in Tibet, Avatar, and Inglourious Basterds are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Pan's Labyrinth
2 Who does that star?	Ivana Baquero
3 I rate Ingrid Bergman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Inn of the Sixth Happiness

1 Contact, The Matrix, Galaxy Quest, The Fifth Element, The War of the Worlds, Heavy Metal, and Dark City are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Andromeda Strain
2 What else is that about?	Michael Crichton, book, Robert Wise
3 I like David Fincher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gone Girl

1 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, Narc, Das Boot, Downfall, American Beauty, and No Country for Old Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for an iceland movie.	101 Reykjavík
2 What else is that about?	iceland
3 I prefer long movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Interstellar

1 Harold and Maude, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Jaws, The Graduate, Almost Famous, Across the Universe, and Chicago are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Halloween
2 Who does that star?	Jamie Lee Curtis, Donald Pleasence
3 I rate Ali Larter movies. Any other suggestions?	Final Destination

1 Eagle vs Shark, Road Trip, Fight Club, Beyond the Mat, Pulp Fiction, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I loved. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Chopper
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Eric Bana, Andrew Dominik
3 I like Rolf de Heer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dingo

1 Red Rock West, Gladiator, The Crying Game, Das Boot, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Fargo, and October Sky are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 Who does that star?	Billy Bob Thornton, Molly Ringwald
3 I rate Jón Sigurbjörnsson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Farm

1 Die Hard, Poltergeist, Aliens, Jaws, Army of Darkness, Catch Me If You Can, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	About Schmidt
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Road Trip, Jack Nicholson, death, Life, Alexander Payne
3 I prefer Sharon Leal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Soul Men

1 I loved E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Smoke, Pulp Fiction, Sirens, and Searching for Bobby Fischer. I'm looking for a John Irvin movie.	Widows' Peak
2 Who does that star?	Mia Farrow, Natasha Richardson, Joan Plowright, Adrian Dunbar
3 I rate Tom Berenger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dogs of War

1 Modern Times, The Name of the Rose, Fargo, Apocalypse Now, Platoon, Some Like It Hot, and X-Men are movies I love. I'm looking for a modern movie.	Mon Oncle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, light, Jacques Tati, modern, uncle
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Mon Oncle

1 I really like Four Weddings and a Funeral, Catch-22, Rushmore, On the Waterfront, Stand by Me, The Matrix, and An American in Paris. I'm looking for a racism movie.	My Beautiful Laundrette
2 What else is that about?	r, racism, homosexuality, London, Stephen Frears
3 I prefer biographical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Malcolm X

1 Auntie Mame, Toy Story, Scream, Waiting for Guffman, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Blue Velvet, and Singin' in the Rain are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rushmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, Bill Murray, Love, Wes Anderson, teacher, Jason Schwartzman, 2, Olivia Williams
3 I like Miles Teller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Two Night Stand

1 Men in Black, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Wizard of Oz, King Kong, The Producers, The Untouchables, and The Quiet Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mrs. Miniver
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I rate Lars von Trier movies. Any other suggestions?	The Idiots

1 Fight Club, The Silence of the Lambs, The Birdcage, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, and Saving Private Ryan are films I love. I'm looking for a Paul Morrissey movie.	Heat
2 What else is that about?	Paul Morrissey
3 I like Udo Kier movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blood for Dracula

1 The Terminator, Gladiator, Reservoir Dogs, The Shining, Pulp Fiction, and The Matrix are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, War, national film registry, Epic, vietnam war, vietnam, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Joseph Conrad, heart of darkness
3 I like Roberto Rossellini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rome, Open City

1 The People vs. Larry Flynt, Gattaca, Almost Famous, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Die Hard, Go, and Blow are films I love. I'm looking for an Escape movie.	Cube
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, psychological, Escape, Maze, Vincenzo Natali, traps, Cube
3 I like Prison movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Great Escape

1 Babe, While You Were Sleeping, Sense and Sensibility, The Shawshank Redemption, Stargate, Sleepless in Seattle, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I rate John Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Behind Enemy Lines

1 American Beauty, Lost Highway, Alien, The English Patient, Aliens, Aladdin, and Rushmore are movies I loved. I'm looking for an arctic movie.	The Thing from Another World
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, science fiction, national film registry, arctic
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Thing from Another World

1 The Fifth Element, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Hoosiers, GoldenEye, Bringing Down the House, Field of Dreams, and Revenge of the Nerds are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Johnny Depp, r, Tim Burton, Christina Ricci
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Batman

1 Face/Off, Cube, Air Force One, True Lies, The Fugitive, Life Is Beautiful, and Serenity are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Gauntlet

1 The Game, Conan the Barbarian, All Quiet on the Western Front, Batman, Ghostbusters, Dracula, and Seven Years in Tibet are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Tequila Sunrise
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Michelle Pfeiffer, Kurt Russell
3 I like Joaquin Phoenix movies more. Do you know anything else?	Signs

1 I like Spaceballs, Batman Begins, Blazing Saddles, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Stripes, Animal House, and Airplane!. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Miracle
2 What else is that about?	sports, usa, olympics, hockey, Gavin O'Connor
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Primary Colors

1 I like Sleepy Hollow, A Christmas Story, Sense and Sensibility, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Ed Wood, Dogma, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kissing a Fool
2 Who is that directed by?	Doug Ellin
3 I like Joe Carnahan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stretch

1 I like Once Were Warriors, To Kill a Mockingbird, M, The African Queen, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Young Frankenstein, and Paths of Glory. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I like Ewan McGregor movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ghost Writer

1 Pulp Fiction, Aladdin, The Mask, The Lion King, Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	The Fugitive
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I like Paul Haggis movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Valley of Elah

1 I really like The King's Speech, Bonnie and Clyde, The Last Picture Show, The Shining, Fargo, West Side Story, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Artist
2 Who is that directed by?	Michel Hazanavicius
3 I prefer Tim Whelan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Divorce of Lady X

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Hotel Rwanda, Citizen Kane, Sense and Sensibility, Raging Bull, The Incredibles, and Rear Window are movies I like. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	The Night of the Hunter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, serial killer, national film registry, Charles Laughton, Robert Mitchum, Shelley Winters, west virginia
3 I prefer Gregory Hoblit movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Untraceable

1 Cold Comfort Farm, The Philadelphia Story, The Princess Bride, A Close Shave, Emma, Boogie Nights, and The Maltese Falcon are films I love. I'm looking for a story movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I like Alien movies more. Do you know anything else?	Independence Day

1 The Country Girl, The Vanishing, Carlito's Way, Rebecca, Two-Lane Blacktop, Doctor Zhivago, and Deliverance are films I like. I'm looking for a Frederick Forsyth movie.	The Day of the Jackal
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred Zinnemann
3 I prefer John Irvin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dogs of War

1 Apocalypto, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Spaceballs, Good Will Hunting, The Man from Earth, Fantastic Mr. Fox, and Coraline are movies I like. I'm looking for a Kate Winslet movie.	The Reader
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Daldry
3 I rate Nancy Meyers movies. Any other suggestions?	The Holiday

1 Cool Hand Luke, Network, Gods and Monsters, The Wizard of Oz, A Streetcar Named Desire, Fargo, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Inherit the Wind
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Spencer Tracy, Stanley Kramer
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	My Favorite Brunette

1 Blue Velvet, Dead Poets Society, Kundun, City of Angels, Trainspotting, Gandhi, and Shall We Dance? are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Pinocchio
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, national film registry, children, characters, animated, simple, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I like Martin Short movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prince of Egypt

1 I liked Caddyshack, The Godfather, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Election, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Phoebe Cates movie.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like Noel Black movies more. Do you know anything else?	Private School

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Braveheart, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Hoop Dreams, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Dances with Wolves, and Legends of the Fall are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 Who does that star?	Ellen Burstyn, Meg Ryan, Tina Majorino
3 I like Phyllis Calvert movies more. Do you know anything else?	Appointment with Danger

1 I loved Jurassic Park, The Departed, The Dark Knight, Pulp Fiction, V for Vendetta, American Beauty, and Hook. I'm looking for a super-hero movie.	X-Men
2 What else is that about?	superhero, franchise, ensemble cast, future, marvel, Hugh Jackman, super-hero, Patrick Stewart, Mutants, Halle Berry, Ian McKellen, comics, Bryan Singer, X-Men, superhero team, James Marsden, wolverine, tolerance, Rogue
3 I prefer dark movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Batman

1 I liked Crash, Lucky Number Slevin, The Boondock Saints, Smokin' Aces, Crank, and Battle Royale. I'm looking for an india movie.	Slumdog Millionaire
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle, Loveleen Tandan
3 I prefer John Madden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel

1 Stargate, Mrs. Doubtfire, Clear and Present Danger, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, Speed, and Outbreak are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sylvester Stallone movie.	The Specialist
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Llosa
3 I prefer Ted Kotcheff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	First Blood

1 Toy Story, The Usual Suspects, Being John Malkovich, Forrest Gump, Memento, Run Lola Run, and L.A. Confidential are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet and Lowdown
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Leslie Howard movies. Any other suggestions?	Five and Ten

1 Stardust Memories, Cinema Paradiso, Local Hero, The Thin Blue Line, Out of Africa, A Room with a View, and Wings of Desire are films I really like. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	Mona Lisa
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Jordan

1 Big Hero 6, The Road, Brokeback Mountain, Up, Cloverfield, Dallas Buyers Club, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Nicolas Winding Refn movie.	Pusher
2 What else is that about?	Nicolas Winding Refn
3 I rate hollywood movies. Any other suggestions?	Drive

1 I really liked Klute, Midnight Express, The African Queen, Birdy, In the Name of the Father, The Godfather, and Hamlet. I'm looking for a russia movie.	Dersu Uzala
2 What else is that about?	friendship, 70mm, Akira Kurosawa, russia
3 I rate Mel Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	The Twelve Chairs

1 Tea with Mussolini, Taxi Driver, Much Ado About Nothing, Dark City, Cinema Paradiso, American Beauty, and Dangerous Liaisons are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Harland Williams movie.	RocketMan
2 What else is that about?	Harland Williams
3 I rate Angela Bassett movies. Any other suggestions?	Meet the Robinsons

1 I like The Patriot, Office Space, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Mallrats, Cast Away, Con Air, and American Pie. I'm looking for a Kevin Kline movie.	The Road to El Dorado
2 What else is that about?	dreamworks, Kenneth Branagh, Kevin Kline
3 I rate Charles Crichton movies. Any other suggestions?	A Fish Called Wanda

1 The Descent, Drag Me to Hell, Creepshow 2, Monster House, Beetlejuice, Army of Darkness, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	House
2 Who does that star?	William Katt, George Wendt, Kay Lenz, Richard Moll
3 I rate Rod Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Birds

1 Groundhog Day, Saving Private Ryan, High Fidelity, Galaxy Quest, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, A Grand Day Out, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a George Miller movie.	Mad Max
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Mel Gibson, Australia, australian, George Miller
3 I like animated movies more. Do you know anything else?	Happy Feet

1 I loved Once Upon a Time in the West, A Clockwork Orange, Being John Malkovich, Amélie, Donnie Darko, Fight Club, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism
3 I rate Spencer Tracy movies. Any other suggestions?	Without Love

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Running Man, Pacific Heights, American Graffiti, The Pursuit of Happyness, Chariots of Fire, and The Blues Brothers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Moulin Rouge!
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Nicole Kidman
3 I prefer Michael York movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cabaret

1 I love Hoosiers, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Toy Story 2, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for an Emma Watson movie.	Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Mike Newell, potter
3 I prefer David Yates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

1 Fargo, Sabrina, The Usual Suspects, The Remains of the Day, Sleepless in Seattle, and Schindler's List are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I rate Gary Winick movies. Any other suggestions?	Bride Wars

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, Pitch Black, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Aliens, Contact, and Misery. I'm looking for a John Travolta movie.	Face/Off
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, John Travolta
3 I rate Danny DeVito movies. Any other suggestions?	Get Shorty

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Mary Poppins, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Toy Story 3, Dead Poets Society, Toy Story, and Fargo are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barefoot in the Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Gene Saks
3 I rate Nicholas Stoller movies. Any other suggestions?	Forgetting Sarah Marshall

1 A Few Good Men, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Pollyanna, Best in Show, The Black Cauldron, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Angela's Ashes
2 Who does that star?	Robert Carlyle, Emily Watson, Ciaran Owens, Joe Breen
3 I rate Ignacio López Tarso movies. Any other suggestions?	Macario

1 I watched the films American History X, The Sixth Sense, The Dark Knight, Princess Mononoke, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Ghostbusters, and Schindler's List and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	District 9
2 Who does that star?	Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope
3 I like Igal Naor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Green Zone

1 I watched the films The Godfather, Patton, G.I. Jane, L.A. Story, Apocalypse Now, The Right Stuff, and Enemy of the State and loved them. I'm looking for a Vampires movie.	Near Dark
2 What else is that about?	dark, Vampires, Western, vampire, Kathryn Bigelow
3 I prefer alaska movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	30 Days of Night

1 Modern Times, Apocalypse Now, Requiem for a Dream, The Lives of Others, Magnolia, Raising Arizona, and The Shining are movies I love. I'm looking for a James Gandolfini movie.	The Man Who Wasn't There
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, noir, Billy Bob Thornton, Frances McDormand, James Gandolfini
3 I prefer Nicole Holofcener movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Enough Said

1 28 Days, The Terminator, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Joy Luck Club, and The Cider House Rules are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gandhi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, own, india, biographical, Ben Kingsley, Richard Attenborough, Gandhi
3 I like new york city movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Girlfriend Experience

1 I loved Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Monsters, Inc., The Silence of the Lambs, Waking Life, 10 Things I Hate About You, Innocence, and Moneyball. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Pacific Rim
2 What else is that about?	story, Guillermo del Toro, effects, Ron Perlman, kaiju, Monsters, mecha, Idris Elba, pilot, Rinko Kikuchi, team
3 I prefer miami movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Boys II

1 The Maltese Falcon, Much Ado About Nothing, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, Babe, L.A. Confidential, and Schindler's List are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amistad
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, historical, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, united states
3 I prefer directorial debut movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pather Panchali

1 Good Will Hunting, Rocky, The Usual Suspects, L.A. Confidential, The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, and A Little Princess are movies I love. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	The French Connection
2 What else is that about?	Action, Police, national film registry, New York, Gene Hackman, best picture, William Friedkin
3 I prefer Emile Hirsch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killer Joe

1 Lone Star, Toy Story 2, The Thin Blue Line, Dazed and Confused, Night of the Living Dead, Wings of Desire, and Rushmore are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Camp movie.	Friday the 13th
2 Who does that star?	Adrienne King, Betsy Palmer, Jeannine Taylor, Robbi Morgan
3 I like Sam J. Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flash Gordon

1 I really like Sneakers, The Sixth Sense, Dave, Spider-Man 2, The Matrix, Contact, and Spider-Man. I'm looking for a security guard movie.	Unbreakable
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson
3 I prefer Janne Hyytiäinen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lights in the Dusk

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, My Neighbor Totoro, The Princess Bride, Millennium Actress, Grave of the Fireflies, Spirited Away, and ¡Three Amigos! are films I liked. I'm looking for a hong kong movie.	Enter the Dragon
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Clouse
3 I prefer Alan Mak movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Infernal Affairs

1 Fight Club, Brotherhood of the Wolf, The Godfather, Spaceballs, Braveheart, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Animal House
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I rate George Lucas movies. Any other suggestions?	American Graffiti

1 One Fine Day, American Beauty, Gattaca, Persuasion, Titanic, Andre, and Sense and Sensibility are films I loved. I'm looking for a Chinese movie.	The Joy Luck Club
2 What else is that about?	women, Chinese, culture, Wayne Wang
3 I like disney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mulan

1 I liked Eat Drink Man Woman, When Harry Met Sally..., Psycho, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Mask, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for an Anne Bancroft movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Arthur Penn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Miracle Worker

1 Memento, The Silence of the Lambs, Howl's Moving Castle, Once, Inception, Garden State, and Fight Club are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Edgar Wright movie.	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Music, cult, Edgar Wright
3 I like Nick Frost movies more. Do you know anything else?	The World's End

1 Pulp Fiction, The Godfather, The Incredibles, Crash, Forrest Gump, Garden State, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I prefer Lewis Milestone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Racket

1 I loved Jaws, Airplane!, Die Hard, Jurassic Park, The Last Emperor, Grease, and The World Is Not Enough. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fugitive
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I rate Guillermo del Toro movies. Any other suggestions?	Blade II

1 Unbreakable, Batman, Ghostbusters, Rudy, The Breakfast Club, Insomnia, and A Christmas Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a parody movie.	Bowfinger
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, hollywood, Eddie Murphy, Steve Martin, Frank Oz
3 I rate fairy tale movies. Any other suggestions?	Hoodwinked!

1 The Rock, Sling Blade, Shine, The Godfather, and Dead Man Walking are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jim Carrey movie.	Liar Liar
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Shadyac
3 I like Peyton Reed movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yes Man

1 Hotel Rwanda, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Hustler, Schindler's List, Batman Begins, A Beautiful Mind, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Hurt Locker
2 What else is that about?	War, r, military, iraq war, iraq, Jeremy Renner, Kathryn Bigelow, Anthony Mackie
3 I like Mike Newell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love in the Time of Cholera

1 The Man in the Iron Mask, The Three Caballeros, The Little Mermaid, Das Boot, American Pie, Run Lola Run, and The Lion King are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Swordfish
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Hugh Jackman, John Travolta, hacking, Don Cheadle, Halle Berry, Vinnie Jones, Dominic Sena
3 I prefer psychological movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Killing Room

1 Traffic, The Sixth Sense, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, There's Something About Mary, Hannibal, Sleeping Beauty, and The Graduate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Talented Mr. Ripley
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Minghella
3 I rate Amy Holden Jones movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rich Man's Wife

1 I really like Dances with Wolves, There's Something About Mary, October Sky, Schindler's List, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, American Beauty, and Annie Hall. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	MASH
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I prefer Howard Zieff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dream Team

1 Fair Game, Annie Hall, The Princess Bride, Courage Under Fire, Little Women, The End of the Affair, and MASH are films I really like. I'm looking for a High School movie.	Remember the Titans
2 Who is that directed by?	Boaz Yakin
3 I like Iain Softley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hackers

1 Screamers, Body Snatchers, The Lion King, Down Periscope, Casper, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Black Sheep are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Escape from L.A.
2 Who does that star?	Steve Buscemi, Kurt Russell
3 I rate Dennis Rodman movies. Any other suggestions?	Simon Sez

1 I liked Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, An American in Paris, Casablanca, Auntie Mame, The Mummy, The Odd Couple, and The Asphalt Jungle. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Paper Chase
2 Who is that directed by?	James Bridges
3 I prefer Jacques Tourneur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Berlin Express

1 The Sixth Sense, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Day the Earth Stood Still, All That Jazz, A Walk in the Clouds, Galaxy Quest, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Fisher King
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I prefer Billy Hopkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Love You, I Love You Not

1 Forrest Gump, District 9, Ip Man, Fight Club, Manderlay, Bicycle Thieves, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I like. I'm looking for a Franka Potente movie.	Atomised
2 What else is that about?	German, Franka Potente, Moritz Bleibtreu, Christian Ulmen, Nina Hoss
3 I prefer Tom Tykwer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Run Lola Run

1 I really like The Godfather, The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Red Violin, Little Women, American Beauty, and Hamlet. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Life of Pi
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, stranded, india, 3d, ocean, Ang Lee, shipwreck, boat, tiger
3 I like Channing Tatum movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Eagle

1 Life Is Beautiful, Phenomenon, Doctor Zhivago, The Matrix, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Boys Don't Cry, and Schindler's List are films I liked. I'm looking for a Vincente Minnelli movie.	Meet Me in St. Louis
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Vincente Minnelli, Mary Astor
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet Me in St. Louis

1 I love Cool Hand Luke, Life Is Beautiful, Apocalypse Now, Psycho, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Deer Hunter, and A Christmas Story. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dogma
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I prefer Michael Ritchie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Simple Wish

1 I like The Silence of the Lambs, Aladdin, The Sixth Sense, Erin Brockovich, Speed, Die Hard, and Memento. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I rate Hayao Miyazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Ponyo

1 Witness, Some Like It Hot, The Killing Fields, Casablanca, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Adventures of Robin Hood, and Rain Man are films I liked. I'm looking for a rio de janeiro movie.	Central Station
2 Who is that directed by?	Walter Salles
3 I prefer Justin Lin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fast Five

1 Ran, Heat, Aliens, Menace II Society, The Hunt for Red October, Scream, and Lethal Weapon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Noah Baumbach movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Noah Baumbach
3 I prefer Ben Stiller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Greenberg

1 I like Mystic River, Army of Darkness, Goodfellas, Cliffhanger, Stand by Me, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Memento. I'm looking for a violin movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Cloverfield, The Thing, Night of the Living Dead, Alien, Lost Highway, and The Virgin Suicides are movies I love. I'm looking for a Don Siegel movie.	Invasion of the Body Snatchers
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, national film registry, Don Siegel
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Beguiled

1 I really liked The Crying Game, Pi, As Good as It Gets, Hoop Dreams, A Christmas Story, High and Low, and Marathon Man. I'm looking for a Cameron Crowe movie.	Say Anything...
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Ione Skye
3 I prefer Kurt Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vanilla Sky

1 Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, The Rundown, The Godfather, Life Is Beautiful, Atonement, Good Will Hunting, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Taken
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Liam Neeson, cia, Famke Janssen, Maggie Grace, Pierre Morel
3 I prefer stranded movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Grey

1 X-Men, The Matrix, Die Hard, Jaws, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Meet the Parents, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	U-571
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Mostow
3 I like Jonathan Teplitzky movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Railway Man

1 The Constant Gardener, Dogma, The Diary of Anne Frank, Kung Fu Hustle, Munich, White Christmas, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I loved. I'm looking for a cast movie.	Les Misérables
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Police, historical, france, Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, cast, Victor Hugo, Tom Hooper
3 I rate Michael Madsen movies. Any other suggestions?	Reservoir Dogs

1 Forrest Gump, The Birdcage, Nobody's Fool, Forget Paris, The First Wives Club, Murder in the First, and Rob Roy are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fatal Instinct
2 Who does that star?	Sean Young, Armand Assante, Kate Nelligan, Sherilyn Fenn
3 I prefer Leslie Bibb movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hell Baby

1 The Big Lebowski, Alien, Being John Malkovich, Ghost World, Finding Nemo, Pulp Fiction, and The Hudsucker Proxy are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Run Lola Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Tykwer
3 I rate Charles Laughton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Night of the Hunter

1 A Christmas Story, Pulp Fiction, Planet of the Apes, The Terminator, Bound, Serpico, and The Cider House Rules are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Happened One Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Capra
3 I like Herbert Ross movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sunshine Boys

1 12 Angry Men, To Kill a Mockingbird, MASH, The Manchurian Candidate, Jaws, Das Boot, and High Noon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jamie Uys movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Uys

1 Memento, American Beauty, Edward Scissorhands, Reservoir Dogs, True Romance, The Silence of the Lambs, and Fight Club are films I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Rodriguez movie.	Sin City
2 What else is that about?	Action, bd-r, dark, murder, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, brutal, Robert Rodriguez, Clive Owen, Elijah Wood, Jessica Alba, noir, Benicio Del Toro, Mickey Rourke, visual, Frank Miller, Rosario Dawson, prostitutes, 2, Rutger Hauer, Brittany Murphy, graphic novel, comic, Carla Gugino, Alexis Bledel, Michael Madsen, action thriller
3 I rate exploitation movies. Any other suggestions?	Grindhouse

1 Some Like It Hot, La Femme Nikita, The Shawshank Redemption, Cinema Paradiso, In the Name of the Father, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dracula are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Philip Kaufman movie.	Quills
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Kate Winslet, Joaquin Phoenix, Geoffrey Rush

1 Blue Velvet, Shine, Being There, 8½, Sling Blade, Eyes Wide Shut, and The Deer Hunter are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Walter Salles movie.	Central Station
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Brazil, rio de janeiro, Walter Salles
3 I rate argentina movies. Any other suggestions?	The Motorcycle Diaries

1 I like Lone Star, The Thin Man, The Godfather, Bonnie and Clyde, Charade, The Player, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, murder, Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, courtroom, courtroom drama, lawyers, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland, court, Demi Moore, lawyer, Rob Reiner, law, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Pollak, cruise
3 I rate Dan Aykroyd movies. Any other suggestions?	My Girl

1 I liked Office Space, The Blues Brothers, Pulp Fiction, Heat, Apocalypse Now, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a coming of age movie.	American Graffiti
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, coming of age, Harrison Ford, teen, national film registry, rock and roll, 1960s, George Lucas, Lucas
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Graffiti

1 The Terminator, Married to the Mob, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Addams Family Values, Romancing the Stone, Willow, and Manhattan Murder Mystery are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Curtiz movie.	We're No Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Curtiz
3 I like William Keighley movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Robin Hood

1 Hackers, Six Degrees of Separation, Hoop Dreams, Rumble in the Bronx, Rudy, The Shawshank Redemption, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for a courage movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick

1 Pulp Fiction, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Outbreak, Crimson Tide, Batman, I.Q., and Get Shorty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Batman movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer bane movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dark Knight Rises

1 I really like Men in Black, The Lion King, Blazing Saddles, Pleasantville, The Blues Brothers, A Bronx Tale, and V for Vendetta. I'm looking for a Marc Forster movie.	Finding Neverland
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Peter Pan, Marc Forster, playwright, depp
3 I rate united nations movies. Any other suggestions?	World War Z

1 Brazil, Fahrenheit 9/11, M, Lawrence of Arabia, Airplane!, Chicken Run, and The Godfather are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I prefer Antoine Fuqua movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Olympus Has Fallen

1 Slumdog Millionaire, A Beautiful Mind, Groundhog Day, The Matrix, Holes, Hotel Rwanda, and Cloud Atlas are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Importance of Being Earnest
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Parker
3 I rate Gus Van Sant movies. Any other suggestions?	Promised Land

1 I liked Brokeback Mountain, The Sweet Hereafter, Mulholland Drive, The Godfather, Jules and Jim, After Life, and Cabaret. I'm looking for a Marcel Carné movie.	Children of Paradise
2 Who is that directed by?	Marcel Carné

1 Tommy Boy, Kids, Standing in the Shadows of Motown, The Truman Show, Swimming with Sharks, A Fish Called Wanda, and A Streetcar Named Desire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	U Turn
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I rate Ethan Hawke movies. Any other suggestions?	What Doesn't Kill You

1 The Truman Show, Office Space, Clerks, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, and Brazil are films I love. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Wag the Dog
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black comedy, Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman, David Mamet, president, Election, Barry Levinson, fake
3 I like radio dj movies more. Do you know anything else?	Good Morning, Vietnam

1 Duck Soup, Naked, Delicatessen, And Now for Something Completely Different, Topsy-Turvy, Y Tu Mamá También, and The General are films I loved. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	The World of Henry Orient
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Peter Sellers, George Roy Hill
3 I prefer ealing studios movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ladykillers

1 Jurassic Park, The Birdcage, Batman, Schindler's List, True Lies, Twister, and Jumanji are films I love. I'm looking for a Pierce Brosnan movie.	GoldenEye
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench
3 I rate franchise movies. Any other suggestions?	Die Another Day

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, The Ice Storm, Best in Show, All About My Mother, Being John Malkovich, Memento, and Fight Club and loved them. I'm looking for a Nicole Holofcener movie.	Walking and Talking
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicole Holofcener

1 Music of the Heart, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Hope and Glory, Fargo, A Beautiful Mind, Me Myself I, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	An Everlasting Piece
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer David O. Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Heart Huckabees

1 A Clockwork Orange, Cool Hand Luke, The Godfather, The Manchurian Candidate, High Noon, 8½, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are films I love. I'm looking for a Jonathan Pryce movie.	Brazil
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I like George Clooney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Leatherheads

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Casablanca, The Deer Hunter, Mr. Mom, Driving Miss Daisy, The Godfather, and Network are movies I like. I'm looking for a road movie movie.	Easy Rider
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, drugs, library, marijuana, road movie, Dennis Hopper, united states, Peter Fonda, counterculture
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mexican

1 I like The Wrong Trousers, The Full Monty, Apocalypse Now, A Close Shave, Dogma, American Beauty, and Chinatown. I'm looking for a Penny Marshall movie.	Big
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall

1 End of Days, Labyrinth, Taken, Dune, The Da Vinci Code, Edge of Tomorrow, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Gravity
2 What else is that about?	space, cinematography, George Clooney, Sandra Bullock, science, astronauts, score, pace, Alfonso Cuarón
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Firm

1 I like Chinatown, Brazil, Casablanca, Raging Bull, Singin' in the Rain, A Close Shave, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, War, History, Epic, biographical, desert, world war i, best picture, Peter O'Toole, David Lean, super panavision 70
3 I rate innovative movies. Any other suggestions?	Citizen Kane

1 The English Patient, As Good as It Gets, Good Will Hunting, Contact, and Titanic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Kiss the Girls
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Morgan Freeman, Ashley Judd, Gary Fleder
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Assassins

1 Up, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Shawshank Redemption, American History X, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Shining, and Milk are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Candy
2 Who does that star?	Marlon Brando, Ewa Aulin
3 I prefer Robert Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knights of the Round Table

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, Beauty and the Beast, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, Murder in the First, and Pretty Woman are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Phenomenon
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta, Robert Duvall, Forest Whitaker, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I rate Angela Lansbury movies. Any other suggestions?	The Company of Wolves

1 Primal Fear, The Usual Suspects, Life Is Beautiful, Broadcast News, Schindler's List, Fargo, and Taxi Driver are movies I liked. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	The Winslow Boy
2 What else is that about?	Family, slow, David Mamet
3 I prefer Danny DeVito movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hoffa

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, City of God, Inception, American History X, Requiem for a Dream, Forrest Gump, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Oldboy
2 What else is that about?	remake, Spike Lee
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Do the Right Thing

1 Pretty Woman, Mommie Dearest, Schindler's List, Double Jeopardy, Braveheart, Shrek, and Casablanca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Dante's Peak
2 What else is that about?	Pierce Brosnan, Volcano, Roger Donaldson, Linda Hamilton
3 I prefer Mark Twain movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Huckleberry Finn

1 Cheaper by the Dozen, Twister, Freaky Friday, Home Alone 3, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Catch That Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	Bart Freundlich
3 I like Susan Seidelman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desperately Seeking Susan

1 The Blues Brothers, Pretty Woman, The Shawshank Redemption, Eight Men Out, Kramer vs. Kramer, American Graffiti, and The Princess Bride are movies I loved. I'm looking for a College movie.	The Sure Thing
2 What else is that about?	John Cusack, College, Rob Reiner, Daphne Zuniga
3 I rate Will Ferrell movies. Any other suggestions?	Old School

1 The Abyss, Black Hawk Down, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Untouchables, Trainspotting, Apollo 13, and Blade Runner are movies I love. I'm looking for a flying movie.	Airplane!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, parody, absurd, slapstick, disaster, funniest movies, Airport, Leslie Nielsen, flying, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker, Lloyd Bridges
3 I rate miyazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiki's Delivery Service

1 Army of Darkness, Midnight Run, So I Married an Axe Murderer, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Brazil, A Clockwork Orange, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Five Easy Pieces
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Karen Black
3 I like Kim Hunter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Planet of the Apes

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Fugitive, Batman, The Sixth Sense, Ocean's Eleven, Pulp Fiction, and The Great Escape are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	Runaway Jury
2 Who is that directed by?	Gary Fleder
3 I like Joel Schumacher movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Client

1 Cinema Paradiso, Bowling for Columbine, Before Sunrise, Election, Magnolia, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Jerry Maguire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a screenplay movie.	Before Sunset
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy
3 I rate Betsy Russell movies. Any other suggestions?	Saw VI

1 Taxi Driver, Fargo, Touch of Evil, The Last of the Mohicans, Smoke, Vertigo, and The Deer Hunter are movies I love. I'm looking for a Burt Lancaster movie.	Atlantic City
2 Who is that directed by?	Louis Malle
3 I prefer Bill Forsyth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Local Hero

1 I really liked White Christmas, Beauty and the Beast, The Sound of Music, The Lion King, Shakespeare in Love, and Hercules. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Donald Petrie
3 I rate Matthew Lillard movies. Any other suggestions?	Fat Kid Rules the World

1 The Bodyguard, Beauty and the Beast, Star Trek, Mulan, The Lion King, Titan A.E., and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fifth Element
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, Milla Jovovich, Luc Besson, ok, milla
3 I prefer Ninja movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Ninja

1 I really like The Golden Child, The 13th Warrior, Apollo 13, Mrs. Doubtfire, Dazed and Confused, The Devil's Own, and Heat. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Speechless
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Geena Davis
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Green Hornet

1 Glory, Driving Miss Daisy, Saving Private Ryan, Lawrence of Arabia, Sophie's Choice, The Sting, and Dead Man Walking are films I liked. I'm looking for an olympics movie.	Chariots of Fire
2 Who is that directed by?	Hugh Hudson
3 I rate Jon Turteltaub movies. Any other suggestions?	Cool Runnings

1 American Beauty, Yojimbo, Some Like It Hot, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, American History X, The Jungle Book, and The Seventh Seal are films I really liked. I'm looking for a great depression movie.	Modern Times
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, charlie chaplin, great depression, Chaplin, Paulette Goddard
3 I prefer Henry Fonda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Grapes of Wrath

1 I liked Dial M for Murder, Home Alone, What About Bob?, Rear Window, The Shining, Silver Streak, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Midnight in Paris
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Paris, Woody Allen, Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Adrien Brody, nostalgia, Marion Cotillard, Kathy Bates
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kelly's Heroes

1 Carrie, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Silence of the Lambs, Puppet Master 4, Frankenstein, Psycho, and Gremlins are films I really liked. I'm looking for a vampire movie.	Fright Night
2 What else is that about?	vampire, Chris Sarandon, Tom Holland, Roddy McDowall
3 I prefer survival movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stake Land

1 Good Will Hunting, The Lion King, The Little Mermaid, When Harry Met Sally..., The Princess Bride, The Silence of the Lambs, and Chasing Amy are films I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Dangerous Liaisons
2 Who does that star?	Cecilia Cheung
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 October Sky, Tarzan, Rushmore, The Full Monty, Good Will Hunting, The Sound of Music, and American Beauty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Newsies
2 What else is that about?	disney, Christian Bale
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Ziegfeld

1 The Sixth Sense, Air Force One, Double Jeopardy, The Exorcist, Carrie, Cocoon, and Jumanji are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Big Momma's House
2 Who is that directed by?	Raja Gosnell
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gangs of New York

1 I loved Indecent Proposal, Sommersby, Eye for an Eye, Donnie Brasco, What's Love Got to Do with It, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Abyss. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Body Shots
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Cristofer

1 The Negotiator, The Lion King, Pretty Woman, The Juror, The Power of One, Monsters, Inc., and Rounders are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Hard Candy
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, torture, Ellen Page, David Slade
3 I like Neil Jordan movies more. Do you know anything else?	In Dreams

1 The Blair Witch Project, Time Bandits, Beetlejuice, Sliding Doors, The Green Mile, American Pie, and Emma are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Predator
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Alien, Carl Weathers, Predator, John McTiernan, jesse ventura, the story
3 I rate Jaden Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	The Karate Kid

1 Dial M for Murder, Blade Runner, Ben-Hur, Much Ado About Nothing, The Graduate, When Harry Met Sally..., and Cool Hand Luke are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	The Great Escape
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Prison, Steve McQueen, Escape, Richard Attenborough, John Sturges, prisoners of war, pow
3 I prefer John Malkovich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Con Air

1 I like Gremlins, The Gods Must Be Crazy II, Run Lola Run, Shrek, The Sound of Music, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lucky Number Slevin
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, r, Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, Hitman, Ben Kingsley, Lucy Liu, Stanley Tucci, Josh Hartnett
3 I rate bangkok movies. Any other suggestions?	Only God Forgives

1 I loved Traffic, And Now for Something Completely Different, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, The Blues Brothers, Seven Samurai, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes
3 I like Craig Ferguson movies more. Do you know anything else?	I'll Be There

1 Die Hard, Forrest Gump, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Dances with Wolves, Tombstone, The Godfather, and The Man from Snowy River are movies I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Jeremiah Johnson
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Will Geer
3 I prefer Judith Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Boots and Saddles

1 Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Billy Elliot, Sweet and Lowdown, Braveheart, Three Kings, Gladiator, and Being John Malkovich are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Angela's Ashes
2 What else is that about?	Alan Parker
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bullhead

1 I watched the films The Crying Game, The Sixth Sense, Rear Window, Monsoon Wedding, Stand by Me, Vertigo, and Men in Black and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	We Were Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Randall Wallace
3 I rate Luchino Visconti movies. Any other suggestions?	Death in Venice

1 Sleepy Hollow, Rear Window, Henry V, The Hudsucker Proxy, The American President, Outland, and Casablanca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	The Replacement Killers
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut
3 I rate religious movies. Any other suggestions?	Frailty

1 Iron Man, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Jaws, Home Alone, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Ghostbusters are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	Air Force One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, president, Wolfgang Petersen, Glenn Close
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	The NeverEnding Story

1 My Left Foot, The Shawshank Redemption, Passion Fish, Grease, Cinema Paradiso, Back to the Future, and Belle de Jour are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!
2 What else is that about?	Spanish, Antonio Banderas, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	No Rest for the Wicked

1 Aladdin, Dances with Wolves, The American President, The Fugitive, The Lion King, and Forrest Gump are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I like mockbuster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Almighty Thor

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Young Frankenstein, Blade Runner, Red Rock West, The Usual Suspects, Hoop Dreams, and Big Night are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Ang Lee

1 I really like Alien, The Godfather, The Jerk, Barry Lyndon, Belle de Jour, Deliverance, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Night of the Living Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, remake, zombie, Tom Savini
3 I like Boris Karloff movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ghoul

1 Paths of Glory, La Grande Illusion, 8½, Big Night, Central Station, The Lady Eve, and City Lights are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Anchors Aweigh
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, José Iturbi
3 I prefer Amanda Bearse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fright Night

1 Lolita, Gravity, A Streetcar Named Desire, Being John Malkovich, Notorious, Gone with the Wind, and Casablanca are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Family, Paul Newman, Tennessee Williams, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Brooks
3 I prefer German movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chinese Roulette

1 Chariots of Fire, Wag the Dog, Jules and Jim, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Shall We Dance?, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and Being John Malkovich are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Strangers on a Train
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, tennis
3 I like Morgan Freeman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny Handsome

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, While You Were Sleeping, Babe, Dances with Wolves, Legends of the Fall, Jurassic Park, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a r movie.	Devil in a Blue Dress
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I prefer Vincenzo Natali movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cypher

1 Election, The Player, The Graduate, American Beauty, Schindler's List, The Piano, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Juliette Lewis movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer Brad Pitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kalifornia

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, The Godfather, Leaving Las Vegas, Jurassic Park, and Sense and Sensibility are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mike Nichols movie.	The Birdcage
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols

1 The Princess Bride, Escape from Alcatraz, Schindler's List, When Harry Met Sally..., Hanna, Miracle on 34th Street, and The Secret of NIMH are films I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Megamind
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, superhero, Brad Pitt, Will Ferrell, animated, 3d, dreamworks, Jonah Hill, David Cross, Tom McGrath
3 I prefer visuals movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brave

1 The Princess Bride, Groundhog Day, Lost in Translation, Amélie, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a Red movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red
3 I like graphic novel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hellboy

1 I loved The Net, Milk Money, Crimson Tide, Tombstone, Batman, First Knight, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Quick and the Dead
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Russell Crowe, Gene Hackman, Sharon Stone
3 I prefer Red Buttons movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Poseidon Adventure

1 The Godfather, American Beauty, American Gangster, Heat, The Lives of Others, The Last King of Scotland, and Once Were Warriors are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Munich
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Steven Spielberg, assassin, Paris, spielberg, israel, olympics, massacre, palestine, mossad, Munich
3 I prefer James Franco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flyboys

1 My Cousin Vinny, Papillon, The Green Mile, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, A Fish Called Wanda, The Fugitive, and Groundhog Day are films I love. I'm looking for a playwright movie.	Finding Neverland
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp
3 I rate Gary Oldman movies. Any other suggestions?	Prick Up Your Ears

1 Kids, The Lion King, 25th Hour, Rushmore, Raging Bull, The Big Lebowski, and The Departed are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Halloween
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I rate Hideo Nakata movies. Any other suggestions?	Ring 2

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Once Were Warriors, Birdy, American Beauty, Big Night, Ran, and Chinatown are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Brooklyn movie.	Crooklyn
2 Who does that star?	Alfre Woodard, Delroy Lindo, Zelda Harris
3 I like Don Cheadle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brooklyn's Finest

1 Blade Runner, Heathers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Chicken Run, A Fish Called Wanda, Reservoir Dogs, and Casablanca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Dead Again
2 Who is that directed by?	Kenneth Branagh
3 I prefer Don Paul movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Road to El Dorado

1 Schindler's List, Enemy of the State, Speed, Glory, Rocky, Wayne's World, and The Dirty Dozen are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Mel Gibson, Australia, australian, George Miller
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Doom

1 Blue Velvet, Basic Instinct, Galaxy Quest, Being There, Brazil, Rear Window, and Poltergeist are films I love. I'm looking for a Max von Sydow movie.	Flash Gordon
2 What else is that about?	Camp, Timothy Dalton, Max von Sydow, comic strip
3 I prefer Bille August movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pelle the Conqueror

1 I liked The Sixth Sense, Seven Samurai, Sneakers, The Man with the Golden Arm, The Breakfast Club, Angel Heart, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Birdy
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I like Hiroshi Nishitani movies more. Do you know anything else?	Suspect X

1 I loved Magnolia, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, The Darjeeling Limited, Army of Darkness, Back to the Future Part III, Zelig, and O Brother, Where Art Thou?. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Cabin in the Woods
2 What else is that about?	Horror, satire, r, directorial debut, Joss Whedon, meta, Chris Hemsworth, cabin, Drew Goddard, Fran Kranz
3 I like Western movies more. Do you know anything else?	Near Dark

1 Clueless, Ed Wood, Grease, Evita, Cold Comfort Farm, Phenomenon, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I like Jay Roach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Austin Powers in Goldmember

1 Dark City, Aliens, The Thing, The Shawshank Redemption, The Grifters, The Wrong Trousers, and 12 Angry Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Robert Zemeckis movies. Any other suggestions?	Back to the Future

1 Mary Poppins, The Hunt for Red October, Jurassic Park, Far and Away, Gladiator, The Sound of Music, and Top Gun are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Duvall movie.	Deep Impact
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, science, disaster, Elijah Wood, Robert Duvall, Comet, Mimi Leder
3 I like Bill Murray movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Low

1 I liked Repo Man, The Wrong Trousers, A Close Shave, Once Were Warriors, Night on Earth, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, and The Ice Storm. I'm looking for a writers movie.	Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle
2 What else is that about?	writers, Manhattan
3 I rate John Turturro movies. Any other suggestions?	Barton Fink

1 Uncle Buck, Sabrina, The Princess Bride, Road House, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Taming of the Shrew, and Love Affair are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Burglar
2 Who is that directed by?	Hugh Wilson
3 I like David Silverman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Simpsons Movie

1 I like Schindler's List, Courage Under Fire, The Silence of the Lambs, Sleepless in Seattle, The Fugitive, Braveheart, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 Who does that star?	Ellen Burstyn, Meg Ryan, Tina Majorino
3 I rate Eric Bana movies. Any other suggestions?	The Time Traveler's Wife

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Million Dollar Baby, Young Frankenstein, Some Like It Hot, The Matrix, A Fish Called Wanda, and Liar Liar are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 9/11 movie.	Fahrenheit 9/11
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Moore
3 I prefer James Hanlon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	9/11

1 Fight Club, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Braveheart, Reservoir Dogs, The Silence of the Lambs, Amélie, and The Dark Knight are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stylized, violence, black comedy, Crime, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, r, dialogue, original, Samuel L. Jackson, humor, own, Uma Thurman, characters, John Travolta, tarantino, noir, cult, non-linear, ironic, mob, Pulp, conversation, unconventional, pop culture references, style, Roger Avary, mobster, monologue, post-modern
3 I like David Cronenberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	A History of Violence

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Lion King, The Mask, Apollo 13, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Kevin Costner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dances with Wolves

1 Jurassic Park, Batman, The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, and Independence Day are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I rate siblings movies. Any other suggestions?	Nobody Knows

1 I liked Gladiator, Basic Instinct, Good Will Hunting, Stir of Echoes, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, A Beautiful Mind, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Anthony Quinn, Giancarlo Giannini
3 I rate Mary Steenburgen movies. Any other suggestions?	Parenthood

1 Shakespeare in Love, Sabrina, Seven Samurai, Eat Drink Man Woman, American History X, The Garden of the Finzi-Continis, and Strictly Ballroom are movies I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Paths of Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, Stanley Kubrick, world war i, court, Kirk Douglas
3 I rate Ray Harryhausen movies. Any other suggestions?	It Came from Beneath the Sea

1 I love The Sting, The Shawshank Redemption, A Grand Day Out, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Alien, MASH, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a James Garner movie.	Space Cowboys
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner
3 I rate Jack Lemmon movies. Any other suggestions?	My Fellow Americans

1 I liked Father of the Bride Part II and The Craft. I'm looking for a Steve Rash movie.	Eddie
2 Who does that star?	Frank Langella, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I prefer Patrick Dempsey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Can't Buy Me Love

1 I like King Kong, Fight Club, Watchmen, Seven Samurai, No Country for Old Men, Grave of the Fireflies, and Inglourious Basterds. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	U Turn
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I prefer Benicio Del Toro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pledge

1 Jurassic Park, Sense and Sensibility, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Braveheart, The Lion King, The Birdcage, and Toy Story are films I loved. I'm looking for a Denzel Washington movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I prefer Denzel Washington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Antwone Fisher

1 I really like Changing Lanes, Y Tu Mamá También, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Talk to Her, The Widow of Saint-Pierre, Metropolis, and Boys Don't Cry. I'm looking for an Antonio Banderas movie.	Femme Fatale
2 What else is that about?	Antonio Banderas, Brian De Palma
3 I rate swashbuckler movies. Any other suggestions?	The Legend of Zorro

1 Gandhi, Chariots of Fire, Blade Runner, Spartacus, Halloween, Mulan, and Mrs. Doubtfire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Henry V
2 Who is that directed by?	Kenneth Branagh
3 I like Peter Greenaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	Prospero's Books

1 Independence Day, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Chicken Run, As Good as It Gets, Cool Runnings, and Circle of Friends are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pollyanna
2 What else is that about?	disney, small town, Hayley Mills, Karl Malden, David Swift, Jane Wyman
3 I rate Noah Wyle movies. Any other suggestions?	Donnie Darko

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sleepy Hollow, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Independence Day, A League of Their Own, The Sixth Sense, and Blade are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Ghost and the Darkness
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Hopkins
3 I prefer Rouben Mamoulian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mark of Zorro

1 The Breakfast Club, Where the Heart Is, Selena, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Office Space, Walk the Line, and Hoosiers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a navy movie.	Top Gun
2 What else is that about?	Action, Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, navy, aircraft, Tom Skerritt
3 I rate korean war movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bridges at Toko-Ri

1 V for Vendetta, Mary Poppins, Grease, Donnie Darko, My Neighbor Totoro, Amélie, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Toy Story 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich
3 I rate Richard Linklater movies. Any other suggestions?	A Scanner Darkly

1 I really like Tombstone, The Big One, Top Gun, Bowfinger, True Lies, The Full Monty, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Young Guns II
2 What else is that about?	Western, Kiefer Sutherland, Emilio Estevez, Geoff Murphy
3 I rate Monte Hellman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shooting

1 The Mask, Batman, Rebel Without a Cause, Scream, Men in Black, The English Patient, and Labyrinth are films I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Peter Pan
2 Who does that star?	Kathryn Beaumont, Bill Thompson
3 I like Linda Darnell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mark of Zorro

1 Sneakers, The Time Machine, King of Hearts, Schindler's List, Enemy Mine, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and The Mouse That Roared are films I really liked. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	The Handmaid's Tale
2 Who does that star?	Faye Dunaway, Aidan Quinn, Elizabeth McGovern, Natasha Richardson
3 I prefer Justin Timberlake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Time

1 Dial M for Murder, Birdy, Rear Window, The Untouchables, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, F/X, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	No Way Out
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Gene Hackman, Kevin Costner, Sean Young
3 I prefer Ryan Gosling movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fracture

1 My Left Foot, A Clockwork Orange, To Kill a Mockingbird, Full Metal Jacket, Heathers, Pulp Fiction, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hotel movie.	The Graduate
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Hotel, Mike Nichols, Anne Bancroft
3 I rate Adam Sandler movies. Any other suggestions?	Hotel Transylvania

1 I watched the films Lethal Weapon 2, Predator, The Bourne Supremacy, Lethal Weapon 4, Stand by Me, The Prestige, and Good Will Hunting and loved them. I'm looking for a series movie.	Lethal Weapon 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate David Yates movies. Any other suggestions?	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

1 I loved The Girl Who Played with Fire, Die Hard, Chocolat, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Incredibles, and Toy Story. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Terminator
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer Richard Fleischer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Sonja

1 I really liked Ghostbusters, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Saving Private Ryan, Brazil, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, story, Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, photography, civil war, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, Italian, american civil war, gunfight, Gold, hanging, Lee Van Cleef, Eli Wallach, dollars trilogy
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Deadly Companions

1 Reservoir Dogs, Goodfellas, Raging Bull, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Breaking the Waves, Lone Star, and MASH are movies I love. I'm looking for a Louis Malle movie.	Vanya on 42nd Street
2 What else is that about?	intimate, David Mamet, Louis Malle
3 I rate Music movies. Any other suggestions?	Elevator to the Gallows

1 I watched the films 12 Angry Men, To Be or Not to Be, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Casablanca, Fanny and Alexander, The World of Apu, and Raiders of the Lost Ark and loved them. I'm looking for an Elia Kazan movie.	Splendor in the Grass
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan

1 I love Raiders of the Lost Ark, Fantasia, The Sting, Rebecca, Cinema Paradiso, North by Northwest, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I prefer John Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Good Boy!

1 I loved Freaks, Ring, Platoon, The Testament of Dr. Mabuse, Poltergeist, Pinocchio, and Session 9. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Fury
2 What else is that about?	Brian De Palma
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blink

1 Heathers, Pleasantville, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Shakespeare in Love, The Wrong Trousers, The Incredibles, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Ray
2 What else is that about?	Music, biographical, Jamie Foxx, Ray Charles, Taylor Hackford, biographical?
3 I prefer guitar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	School of Rock

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, and Schindler's List are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Johnny Depp
3 I rate Michael Bay movies. Any other suggestions?	Pearl Harbor

1 8 Mile, Trainspotting, Zoolander, Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, Fight Club, Memento, and Bowling for Columbine are films I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Dogtown and Z-Boys
2 What else is that about?	History, Documentary, skateboarding, Stacy Peralta
3 I rate Chris Marker movies. Any other suggestions?	Sans Soleil

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Mallrats, All About My Mother, Very Bad Things, Total Recall, Chasing Amy, and Grumpy Old Men are movies I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Blue Heaven
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Koster
3 I prefer Harold Prince movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Little Night Music

1 Pulp Fiction, The Birds, Blade Runner, Everyone Says I Love You, Aliens, Braveheart, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boys Don't Cry
2 What else is that about?	Drama, gay, rape, Hilary Swank, Peter Sarsgaard
3 I like Jennifer Hudson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Secret Life of Bees

1 I love Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Manhattan Murder Mystery, My Left Foot, Stand by Me, The Wizard of Oz, Being There, and L.A. Story. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 Who does that star?	Eamonn Owens
3 I rate Hurd Hatfield movies. Any other suggestions?	The Diary of a Chambermaid

1 Blade Runner, Mad Max, A Close Shave, Cat Ballou, Arsenic and Old Lace, American Beauty, and Jaws are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I rate Brett Leonard movies. Any other suggestions?	Virtuosity

1 Reality Bites, Pulp Fiction, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Ref, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, For Whom the Bell Tolls, and Malice are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Sudden Death
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Hyams
3 I prefer Carl Schenkel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tarzan and the Lost City

1 Gosford Park, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Usual Suspects, Gallipoli, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Wizard of Oz, and The Year of Living Dangerously are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Katharine Hepburn movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, screwball comedy, Cary Grant, Howard Hawks, screwball, Katharine Hepburn
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bringing Up Baby

1 Total Recall, Stargate, Die Hard, The Mummy, The Fugitive, Lost in Space, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mercury Rising
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Alec Baldwin
3 I rate David Kennedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Attack Force

1 Fanny and Alexander, The Matrix, Backdraft, Stand by Me, The Shining, Muriel's Wedding, and My Left Foot are films I love. I'm looking for a poverty movie.	Once Were Warriors
2 What else is that about?	violence, poverty, alcoholism, new zealand, Lee Tamahori
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Winter's Bone

1 Strictly Ballroom, Short Cuts, The Piano, Taxi Driver, Miller's Crossing, Shallow Grave, and Jackie Brown are movies I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould
2 Who does that star?	Colm Feore
3 I rate Jamie Foxx movies. Any other suggestions?	Ray

1 I liked Wings of Desire, The Fifth Element, The Crying Game, The Full Monty, Billy Elliot, Himalaya, and Kramer vs. Kramer. I'm looking for a Bernardo Bertolucci movie.	Besieged
2 What else is that about?	Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I like Rachel Weisz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stealing Beauty

1 Jingle All the Way, The Silence of the Lambs, The Mighty Ducks, James and the Giant Peach, Sleepless in Seattle, Lethal Weapon 3, and Dances with Wolves are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dunston Checks In
2 What else is that about?	Rupert Everett, Ken Kwapis
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels

1 Babe, The Lion King, The Net, While You Were Sleeping, Forrest Gump, Mrs. Doubtfire, and The Fugitive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Waterworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Reynolds
3 I rate Roger Donaldson movies. Any other suggestions?	Thirteen Days

1 I really liked It's a Wonderful Life, Mr. Holland's Opus, Miracle on 34th Street, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, On Golden Pond, Amarcord, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pay It Forward
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Kevin Spacey, Helen Hunt, Haley Joel Osment, Mimi Leder
3 I rate William Wyler movies. Any other suggestions?	The Little Foxes

1 The Truman Show, In Bruges, Limitless, The Intouchables, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Monsters, Inc., and The Bourne Identity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ronin
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Robert De Niro, car chase, Jean Reno, chase, David Mamet, spy thriller, John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer Richard Donner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conspiracy Theory

1 Diary of a Chambermaid, Requiem for a Dream, The Pawnbroker, Bonnie and Clyde, The 400 Blows, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, and On the Waterfront are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	One False Move
2 Who does that star?	Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton, Cynda Williams
3 I prefer Laurence Fishburne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Five Fingers

1 I really liked Mary Poppins, Barefoot in the Park, It's a Wonderful Life, Children of a Lesser God, Victor Victoria, Cool Hand Luke, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Jeffrey
2 What else is that about?	gay, Romantic Comedy, aids
3 I prefer Peyton Reed movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Yes Man

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Juno, The Lives of Others, Lord of War, Donnie Darko, A Clockwork Orange, and Requiem for a Dream are films I really like. I'm looking for a Maria Bello movie.	Thank You for Smoking
2 Who does that star?	Aaron Eckhart
3 I rate Maria Bello movies. Any other suggestions?	Beautiful Boy

1 Citizen Kane, Chariots of Fire, Pulp Fiction, The Terminator, Glengarry Glen Ross, The Usual Suspects, and The City of Lost Children are films I really like. I'm looking for an avi movie.	Logan's Run
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dystopia, 70mm, science fiction, avi, Michael York, Michael Anderson, Peter Ustinov, Jenny Agutter, Farrah Fawcett
3 I prefer pixar animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Bug's Life

1 Back to the Future, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Alien, Children of a Lesser God, Mississippi Burning, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Mad Max are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Eating Raoul
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Bartel
3 I prefer Glenn Ficarra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Love You Phillip Morris

1 I like Collateral, Napoleon Dynamite, Spaceballs, Men in Black, School of Rock, Wit, and Fahrenheit 9/11. I'm looking for a Rowan Atkinson movie.	Johnny English
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, John Malkovich, Rowan Atkinson, Peter Howitt
3 I rate Kristin Scott Thomas movies. Any other suggestions?	Keeping Mum

1 I love Blade Runner, Sophie's Choice, Bringing Up Baby, Billy Elliot, The Wild Bunch, Oscar and Lucinda, and Field of Dreams. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Looking for Richard
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, shakespeare
3 I prefer Rob Epstein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Times of Harvey Milk

1 Pulp Fiction, Good Will Hunting, Jerry Maguire, Dead Poets Society, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, and Sling Blade are movies I love. I'm looking for a Cameron Diaz movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon
3 I rate Toni Collette movies. Any other suggestions?	In Her Shoes

1 I liked The Crying Game, Candyman, Bonnie and Clyde, Gattaca, Misery, Big, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Eye of the Beholder
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephan Elliott
3 I prefer Dito Montiel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Son of No One

1 Apollo 13, The Sixth Sense, Groundhog Day, The Matrix, Being John Malkovich, MASH, and Aliens are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I rate Eddie Deezen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Polar Express

1 The Manchurian Candidate, Wild Things, Heathers, Being John Malkovich, Blazing Saddles, Batman Begins, and The 400 Blows are films I liked. I'm looking for an Agnieszka Holland movie.	Europa Europa
2 Who does that star?	Marco Hofschneider, Solomon Perel

1 The Boondock Saints, Training Day, Blood Diamond, Crash, Stir of Echoes, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Suicide Kings
2 What else is that about?	mafia, Christopher Walken
3 I like David Spade movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grown Ups

1 I liked The Godfather, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Lethal Weapon, Jaws, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Hamlet, and Inherit the Wind. I'm looking for a Franklin J. Schaffner movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I like Prison movies more. Do you know anything else?	Papillon

1 I loved Singin' in the Rain, Aliens, The Omen, The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Green Mile, A Nightmare on Elm Street, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Talk Radio
2 What else is that about?	Oliver Stone
3 I prefer Shirley Temple movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Little Princess

1 Blade Runner, Dogtown and Z-Boys, Say Anything..., Excalibur, Catch Me If You Can, Drumline, and Romeo + Juliet are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Sum of Us
2 What else is that about?	Russell Crowe
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What Lies Beneath

1 Alice in Wonderland, The Abyss, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Batman, Jurassic Park, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Ghostbusters are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Boiler Room
2 Who does that star?	Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Nia Long, Nicky Katt
3 I prefer Gregory Hines movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cotton Club

1 Desperado, Some Like It Hot, Aladdin, The Patriot, The Little Mermaid, Jumanji, and Toy Story 2 are films I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Bodyguard
2 Who is that directed by?	Mick Jackson
3 I like Edgar Wright movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scott Pilgrim vs. the World

1 House of Sand and Fog, Peeping Tom, Days of Heaven, The Last Picture Show, Heat, The Leopard, and Chinatown are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pillow Talk
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Gordon
3 I rate Raja Gosnell movies. Any other suggestions?	Beverly Hills Chihuahua

1 I liked The Waterboy, Michael, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Bringing Up Baby, The Breakfast Club, What's Love Got to Do with It, and Scrooged. I'm looking for a Kelly Preston movie.	Addicted to Love
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Meg Ryan, Matthew Broderick, Kelly Preston
3 I prefer John Travolta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Experts

1 The Maltese Falcon, Betty Blue, Collateral, Casablanca, A Hard Day's Night, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and There's Something About Mary are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Joss Whedon, Fran Kranz, Amy Acker
3 I rate parody movies. Any other suggestions?	D.E.B.S.

1 The Little Mermaid, Toy Story 2, Chicago, Babe, Aladdin, A Close Shave, and Jaws are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Glenne Headly
3 I prefer Evan Rachel Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Little Secrets

1 I like Alien, Memento, The Princess Bride, The Sixth Sense, Laura, Gone with the Wind, and Metropolis. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, science, Jodie Foster, Matthew McConaughey, first contact, Robert Zemeckis, hugo award, Carl Sagan
3 I prefer beat generation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kill Your Darlings

1 Fight Club, Man on the Moon, Forrest Gump, The Faculty, Road Trip, Being John Malkovich, and Dogma are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dude, Where's My Car?
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, humor, Ashton Kutcher, Seann William Scott, bad, stoner, Danny Leiner
3 I prefer Alberto Lattuada movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mafioso

1 Mulan, An Ideal Husband, Dances with Wolves, All Quiet on the Western Front, and Persuasion are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Matthew Modine movie.	Birdy
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Nicolas Cage, vietnam, Alan Parker, Matthew Modine, Bird
3 I prefer Daphne Zuniga movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gross Anatomy

1 I watched the films The Paper Chase, Laura, The Rapture, Witness for the Prosecution, Dressed to Kill, Lone Star, and Modern Times and loved them. I'm looking for a Geoffrey Rush movie.	Elizabeth
2 What else is that about?	r, british, england, long, Cate Blanchett, biographical, Geoffrey Rush, Joseph Fiennes, Shekhar Kapur
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shine

1 I like Gladiator, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, American Beauty, Fantasia, Pulp Fiction, City of God, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a New York movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I rate Edward Burns movies. Any other suggestions?	Sidewalks of New York

1 I like Harold and Maude, Almost Famous, Spirited Away, Persuasion, Cabaret, Cold Comfort Farm, and The Secret of Roan Inish. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Joss Whedon, Fran Kranz, Amy Acker
3 I prefer Colin Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Orange County

1 I like Shakespeare in Love, There's Something About Mary, Young Frankenstein, Maverick, Dave, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, and Three Kings. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Harry and the Hendersons
2 Who is that directed by?	William Dear
3 I rate Robert Stevenson movies. Any other suggestions?	Old Yeller

1 I really like Braveheart, The Dirty Dozen, The Matrix, Rush Hour, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Saving Private Ryan, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a china movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I rate gong li movies. Any other suggestions?	Raise the Red Lantern

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Mr. Holland's Opus, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Sleepless in Seattle, Sabrina, Philadelphia, and Les Misérables are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Pete Postlethwaite movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I like Jim Sheridan movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Name of the Father

1 I love Apollo 13, Legends of the Fall, The Lion King, Braveheart, The Rock, Eraser, and Outbreak. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I rate Dolph Lundgren movies. Any other suggestions?	Bridge of Dragons

1 I like Rumble in the Bronx, Die Hard, Heavy Metal, The Crow, Pulp Fiction, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a mexico movie.	Desperado
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Robert Rodriguez, mexico, Antonio Banderas
3 I like Revenge movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man on Fire

1 I watched the films Trainspotting, The Usual Suspects, Sling Blade, The Shawshank Redemption, Dead Man Walking, Swingers, and Saving Private Ryan and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Simple Plan
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suspense, Sam Raimi, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I like Jon S. Baird movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cass

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Shaun of the Dead, House of Flying Daggers, Inception, Chocolat, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and The Dark Knight are films I loved. I'm looking for an Emily Mortimer movie.	Dear Frankie
2 Who does that star?	Emily Mortimer, Jack McElhone
3 I prefer Michael Caine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Brown

1 I loved Traffic, Shakespeare in Love, American Beauty, Brazil, Yellow Submarine, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Name of the Rose
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery, medieval, book, Christian Slater, eco, Umberto Eco
3 I rate Neil Patrick Harris movies. Any other suggestions?	Gone Girl

1 I liked Raging Bull, 12 Angry Men, The Maltese Falcon, The Manchurian Candidate, Ed Wood, Touch of Evil, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for an Elia Kazan movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan

1 Total Recall, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Matrix, The Shawshank Redemption, Iron Man, The Prestige, and Catch Me If You Can are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I like Alex Cox movies more. Do you know anything else?	Straight to Hell

1 Braveheart, Seven Samurai, Slumdog Millionaire, Pulp Fiction, For a Few Dollars More, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Memento are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Oldboy
2 Who does that star?	Josh Brolin, Sharlto Copley, Elizabeth Olsen
3 I rate Danny Aiello movies. Any other suggestions?	Do the Right Thing

1 I love The World According to Garp, The Big Lebowski, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Bonnie and Clyde, Sling Blade, Batman, and Payback. I'm looking for a Wayne Wang movie.	Smoke
2 What else is that about?	independent film, Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Wayne Wang, Paul Auster
3 I rate Chinese movies. Any other suggestions?	The Joy Luck Club

1 The Shining, The City of Lost Children, Delicatessen, The Usual Suspects, A Close Shave, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Lion King are movies I really like. I'm looking for an animated movie.	The Wrong Trousers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Short, Fun, animated, aardman, sf, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I rate hugo award movies. Any other suggestions?	The Incredibles

1 Blazing Saddles, Necessary Roughness, From Russia with Love, The Man with the Golden Gun, Swingers, Chicken Run, and Three Kings are movies I love. I'm looking for a Jason Alexander movie.	Shallow Hal
2 What else is that about?	Jack Black, Gwyneth Paltrow, farrelly brothers, Jason Alexander
3 I prefer Garry Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pretty Woman

1 Guardians of the Galaxy, Frozen, The Amazing Spider-Man, and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince are movies I liked. I'm looking for a 3d movie.	The Amazing Spider-Man 2
2 What else is that about?	superhero, franchise, marvel, 3d, Emma Stone, Paul Giamatti, Jamie Foxx, Andrew Garfield, Marc Webb
3 I rate dreamworks animation movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Train Your Dragon

1 Forrest Gump, The Lives of Others, V for Vendetta, The Prestige, The Green Mile, Fight Club, and The Illusionist are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I prefer War movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Incendies

1 Dangerous Liaisons, A Clockwork Orange, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Aliens, Blade Runner, Cinema Paradiso, and Alien are movies I like. I'm looking for a James Ivory movie.	Howards End
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory

1 I watched the films The Lion King, Rear Window, The Blair Witch Project, The Shawshank Redemption, It's a Wonderful Life, Schindler's List, and Top Gun and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Parent Trap
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Quaid, Lindsay Lohan, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate Holly Hunter movies. Any other suggestions?	Broadcast News

1 Henry V, Das Boot, The Deer Hunter, The Crow, Strictly Ballroom, The Mask, and Heathers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a poverty movie.	Once Were Warriors
2 What else is that about?	violence, poverty, alcoholism, new zealand, Lee Tamahori
3 I like india movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pather Panchali

1 The Godfather, A Prophet, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Dirty Dozen, There Will Be Blood, Winter's Bone, and The Bourne Ultimatum are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who is that directed by?	George B. Seitz
3 I prefer Robert Zemeckis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Back to the Future Part II

1 I watched the films American Beauty, A Christmas Story, The Silence of the Lambs, L.A. Confidential, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and A Fish Called Wanda and loved them. I'm looking for a farrelly brothers movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fun, Ben Stiller, Cameron Diaz, tv, funniest movies, 2, Matt Dillon, farrelly brothers
3 I like baseball movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fever Pitch

1 The Santa Clause, As Good as It Gets, Toy Story 2, Life Is Beautiful, Toy Story, The American President, and Sleepless in Seattle are films I really like. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	You've Got Mail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Tom Hanks, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Nora Ephron
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bonfire of the Vanities

1 The Big Lebowski, The Incredibles, And Now for Something Completely Different, The Graduate, Death Proof, Shaun of the Dead, and Ratatouille are films I love. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Producers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Kenneth Mars, Zero Mostel, Dick Shawn
3 I prefer William Holden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bridge on the River Kwai

1 I really liked True Lies, Speed, Forrest Gump, In the Line of Fire, Apollo 13, Die Hard, and Demolition Man. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I prefer Thomas Meighan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Male and Female

1 Sin City, Batman, Enemy of the State, The Shawshank Redemption, Reversal of Fortune, The Wrong Trousers, and The 40-Year-Old Virgin are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sliding Doors
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Howitt
3 I prefer Jim Fall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trick

1 I really liked Scream, Thinner, True Lies, Liar Liar, Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, and High School High. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	B*A*P*S
2 Who does that star?	Halle Berry, Martin Landau
3 I rate Jack Nicholson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bucket List

1 I loved Guys and Dolls, The Wedding Singer, Dances with Wolves, Grease, The Last of the Mohicans, Twister, and Happy Gilmore. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I prefer superhero movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hulk

1 A Few Good Men, All the President's Men, The Bourne Identity, Million Dollar Baby, Clear and Present Danger, Apollo 13, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Score
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Angela Bassett, Frank Oz, de niro
3 I like Julianne Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Lebowski

1 The Little Mermaid, Dirty Dancing, The Lion King, Get Shorty, The Fifth Element, Sleeping Beauty, and Men in Black are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Truman Show
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Natascha McElhone, Noah Emmerich
3 I rate Joe Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	Across the Universe

1 Lars and the Real Girl, Office Space, Election, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Frailty, The Lives of Others, and Fargo are films I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I rate Michael Douglas movies. Any other suggestions?	Don't Say a Word

1 The Wedding Banquet, Stealing Beauty, Looking for Mr. Goodbar, Hannibal, Bread and Chocolate, Eyes Wide Shut, and City Lights are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Lifeforce
2 Who does that star?	Peter Firth, Frank Finlay, Steve Railsback, Mathilda May
3 I like Mickey Rooney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Babes on Broadway

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Y Tu Mamá También, In the Name of the Father, Copycat, Quills, The Game, and The Abyss are films I like. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Deconstructing Harry
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like mockumentary movies more. Do you know anything else?	Take the Money and Run

1 Searching for Bobby Fischer, Rain Man, Dr. No, The Princess Bride, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Rear Window, and The Magnificent Seven are movies I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Hound of the Baskervilles
2 Who is that directed by?	Terence Fisher
3 I like Stanley Kramer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pride and the Passion

1 I really liked The Silence of the Lambs and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a matheson movie.	Stir of Echoes
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon
3 I rate Robin Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	What Dreams May Come

1 I really liked The Wizard of Oz, Blazing Saddles, The Princess Bride, Tampopo, Mad Max, Seven Samurai, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould
2 What else is that about?	Music, piano
3 I rate f movies. Any other suggestions?	Airheads

1 V for Vendetta, Fight Club, Falling Down, Changeling, The Sixth Sense, American Beauty, and Secretary are films I love. I'm looking for a Soldier movie.	The Crying Game
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Forest Whitaker, Neil Jordan, ira, Stephen Rea, Soldier
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Crying Game

1 Emma, Jane Eyre, Vanya on 42nd Street, The American President, It's My Party, Much Ado About Nothing, and Circle of Friends are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Picture Bride
2 Who does that star?	Tamlyn Tomita, Akira Takayama
3 I like Takashi Shimura movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stray Dog

1 Fargo, The Matrix, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Heat, The Game, Tommy Boy, and Primal Fear are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, ensemble cast, original, story, Heist, tarantino, Steve Buscemi, cast, cult, Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer Guy Ritchie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Revolver

1 I liked Ransom, The Silence of the Lambs, Fletch, The Green Mile, Minority Report, Face/Off, and A Few Good Men. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Hoosiers
2 Who is that directed by?	David Anspaugh
3 I prefer Allan Arkush movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Deathsport

1 I love American Beauty, Saving Private Ryan, Babe, The Fugitive, Fried Green Tomatoes, Das Boot, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Face/Off
2 What else is that about?	Action, Nicolas Cage, John Travolta, John Woo
3 I prefer Finnish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Iron Sky

1 Life Is Beautiful, A Few Good Men, Vanilla Sky, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, Office Space, and Natural Born Killers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Open Your Eyes
2 What else is that about?	Spanish, Alejandro Amenábar
3 I prefer mediterranean movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sex and Lucia

1 Swingers, Forrest Gump, The Tin Drum, Lawrence of Arabia, Broadcast News, Field of Dreams, and The Princess Bride are films I loved. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes
3 I like Max Wall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Dorrit

1 I, Robot, The Madness of King George, The Sound of Music, Eyes Wide Shut, Toy Story, Whale Rider, and Gangs of New York are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Apted movie.	Gorillas in the Mist
2 What else is that about?	Michael Apted, gorilla
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coal Miner's Daughter

1 Guys and Dolls, Rear Window, Everyone Says I Love You, Notorious, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Dead Again, and Sabrina are movies I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Spellbound
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I like Paul Bogart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Marlowe

1 Brazil, All About Eve, Happiness, Romper Stomper, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Fantasia, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	An Ideal Husband
2 Who does that star?	Paulette Goddard, Michael Wilding, Diana Wynyard, Hugh Williams
3 I prefer James Brown movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Blues Brothers

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Bed of Roses, Waterworld, Shadowlands, The War, Mortal Kombat, and Twister are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Michelle Trachtenberg movie.	Harriet the Spy
2 What else is that about?	Michelle Trachtenberg
3 I like Matthew Perry movies more. Do you know anything else?	17 Again

1 Heathers, The Godfather, Jaws, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Eyes Wide Shut, The Manchurian Candidate, and 12 Angry Men are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Little Big Man
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, native americans, revisionist western, Arthur Penn
3 I like Tom Gries movies more. Do you know anything else?	Will Penny

1 I love A Nightmare on Elm Street, It's a Wonderful Life, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, A Clockwork Orange, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Halloween
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I prefer Andrew Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Perfect Murder

1 I watched the films The Hudsucker Proxy, The Deer Hunter, Raising Arizona, Big Night, Brazil, Raging Bull, and The Graduate and loved them. I'm looking for an Allan Moyle movie.	Pump Up the Volume
2 What else is that about?	Christian Slater, Allan Moyle
3 I like Cathy Moriarty movies more. Do you know anything else?	New Waterford Girl

1 Inglourious Basterds, Into the Wild, Oldboy, Juno, Drive, The Machinist, and Inception are films I really like. I'm looking for an island movie.	Shutter Island
2 What else is that about?	psychological, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Martin Scorsese, island, psychological thriller
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Madagascar

1 I liked The Village, The Philadelphia Story, The Ghost and the Darkness, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Unbreakable, Amélie, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. I'm looking for a death movie.	Beginners
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Mills
3 I prefer Asif Kapadia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Senna

1 Corpse Bride, Shakespeare in Love, American History X, The Silence of the Lambs, The Prestige, The Matrix, and Schindler's List are movies I love. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Beetlejuice
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Tim Burton, ghosts, death, Winona Ryder, Michael Keaton, Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis, Catherine O'Hara, burton
3 I prefer Helena Bonham Carter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Corpse Bride

1 Pleasantville, Handle with Care, Dangerous Liaisons, Apocalypse Now, Arsenic and Old Lace, Manhunter, and Casablanca are films I liked. I'm looking for a Karel Reisz movie.	Who'll Stop the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Karel Reisz

1 Fight Club, Gladiator, Go, Pet Sematary, The Beach, The Fly, and Beverly Hills Cop are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Alien movie.	Species
2 What else is that about?	Alien, Ben Kingsley, Roger Donaldson
3 I rate anti-hero movies. Any other suggestions?	Pitch Black

1 The Sixth Sense, Heavy Metal, The Lion King, Men in Black, The Little Mermaid, The Goonies, and Good Will Hunting are films I really like. I'm looking for a John McTiernan movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I rate Alien movies. Any other suggestions?	Predator

1 Iron Man, Psycho, Hot Fuzz, Love Actually, Serenity, Finding Neverland, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a pig movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Hoop Dreams, Braveheart, Leaving Las Vegas, and Sense and Sensibility are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Pinocchio
2 Who is that directed by?	Wilfred Jackson, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen, Bill Roberts, Jack Kinney, Norman Ferguson, T. Hee
3 I prefer André Øvredal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trollhunter

1 The Count of Monte Cristo, Secondhand Lions, White Christmas, The Italian Job, The Prince of Egypt, The Princess Bride, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I love. I'm looking for an Eddie Murphy movie.	Shrek 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, sequel, Cameron Diaz, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Antonio Banderas, John Cleese, Mike Myers, Julie Andrews, 4, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson
3 I rate Matthew Broderick movies. Any other suggestions?	Tower Heist

1 Schindler's List, The Net, Phenomenon, Mr. Holland's Opus, Cliffhanger, While You Were Sleeping, and Mrs. Doubtfire are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sucker Punch

1 Delicatessen, Princess Mononoke, Schindler's List, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Wrong Trousers, A Grand Day Out, and The Third Man are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Tony Kaye movies more. Do you know anything else?	Detachment

1 An American Tail, Coal Miner's Daughter, The Rock, Harvey, Chocolat, The Great Escape, and Benji are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Dirty Dozen
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Aldrich
3 I like Mick Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live from Baghdad

1 Bicentennial Man, The Pianist, Everything Is Illuminated, Amélie, Patch Adams, Life Is Beautiful, and Love Actually are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Chorus
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Music, French, france, teacher, choir
3 I prefer Kevin Costner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bodyguard

1 I liked The Best Years of Our Lives, Cinderella, An Affair to Remember, Sleeping Beauty, Finding Nemo, It Happened One Night, and Million Dollar Baby. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I rate James Sbardellati movies. Any other suggestions?	Deathstalker

1 I watched the films Much Ado About Nothing, The Sixth Sense, Repo Man, Casablanca, Rear Window, L.A. Confidential, and Aliens and loved them. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Buena Vista Social Club
2 Who does that star?	Ry Cooder, Compay Segundo
3 I rate Jack Beers movies. Any other suggestions?	Holes in My Shoes

1 I watched the films Barry Lyndon, Babel, Princess Mononoke, No Country for Old Men, Schindler's List, Requiem for a Dream, and Talk to Her and loved them. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Volver
2 What else is that about?	r, Spanish, spain, sexual abuse, almodovar, madrid, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I like religion movies more. Do you know anything else?	Matador

1 I really like L.A. Confidential, Delicatessen, Beverly Hills Cop, Midnight Express, Hook, Pulp Fiction, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Snapper
2 Who does that star?	Colm Meaney, Tina Kellegher
3 I like Ben Chaplin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Water Horse

1 The Deer Hunter, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Control, The Crow, Sin City, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Stardust are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Van Helsing
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Sommers
3 I like Richard Donner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lethal Weapon

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Client, The Shawshank Redemption, Sleepless in Seattle, Forrest Gump, Copycat, and Ghost are movies I love. I'm looking for an own movie.	Dangerous Minds
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer
3 I prefer John Heard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mindwalk

1 L.A. Confidential, The Matrix, Army of Darkness, Shakespeare in Love, Dead Man Walking, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	A Perfect Murder
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I rate Jeff Nichols movies. Any other suggestions?	Take Shelter

1 Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Lone Star, The Truman Show, The Thin Red Line, The Blair Witch Project, and Ruby in Paradise are movies I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like Clark Gable movies more. Do you know anything else?	It Happened One Night

1 Eraser, Heat, The Nutty Professor, Executive Decision, Independence Day, The Juror, and Grumpier Old Men are movies I love. I'm looking for a Delmer Daves movie.	Broken Arrow
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I rate Karl Malden movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hanging Tree

1 I really liked The Blues Brothers, The Terminator, The Silence of the Lambs, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Dogma, The Godfather, and Dracula. I'm looking for an own movie.	Back to the Future Part II
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, sequel, future, science fiction, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, 2015, Lea Thompson, delorean, time machine
3 I prefer Bryan Singer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apt Pupil

1 Nurse Betty, Zoolander, To Die For, Saving Private Ryan, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Risky Business, and When Harry Met Sally... are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Charlie Kaufman movie.	Human Nature
2 What else is that about?	Charlie Kaufman, Michel Gondry, Tim Robbins, Patricia Arquette
3 I like original movies more. Do you know anything else?	Being John Malkovich

1 I love Zero Effect, M, Cold Comfort Farm, Dances with Wolves, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Laura, and Rocky. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 Who is that directed by?	Baz Luhrmann
3 I rate Jennifer Kent movies. Any other suggestions?	The Babadook

1 Vanilla Sky, Serendipity, The Waterboy, Happy Gilmore, A Time to Kill, Memento, and Pay It Forward are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Vertical Limit
2 What else is that about?	Action
3 I like Riddick movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pitch Black

1 Up, The Lion King, Blood Diamond, Fight Club, Batman Begins, Wedding Crashers, and Monsters, Inc. are films I like. I'm looking for a Jonah Hill movie.	Superbad
2 Who is that directed by?	Greg Mottola
3 I like Phil Lord movies more. Do you know anything else?	21 Jump Street

1 The Artist, The Silence of the Lambs, The Bourne Identity, Sleeping Beauty, Clue, and Aliens are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a queer movie.	Shelter
2 What else is that about?	gay, queer
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Stranger by the Lake

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Reservoir Dogs, Grease, Rear Window, The City of Lost Children, The Princess Bride, and Blade Runner are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, satire, parody, Tim Burton, Natalie Portman, Jack Nicholson, mars, Michael J. Fox, Pierce Brosnan, Sarah Jessica Parker, Glenn Close, Annette Bening, Martin Short
3 I prefer england movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mansfield Park

1 La Luna, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Gattaca, Kiki's Delivery Service, Apocalypse Now, Laura, and Jane Eyre are films I love. I'm looking for a hacking movie.	Summer Wars
2 Who is that directed by?	Mamoru Hosoda
3 I prefer Dominic Sena movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swordfish

1 The English Patient, Lethal Weapon 2, Dances with Wolves, Saving Private Ryan, Almost Famous, The Sixth Sense, and Lethal Weapon 3 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Frankenheimer movie.	Reindeer Games
2 What else is that about?	r, Ben Affleck, Charlize Theron, John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer super panavision 70 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grand Prix

1 The Trial, Hang 'Em High, Poltergeist, Midnight Cowboy, West Side Story, Night of the Living Dead, and Days of Heaven are movies I really like. I'm looking for a lovecraft movie.	Re-Animator
2 What else is that about?	Horror, lovecraft
3 I rate H.P. Lovecraft movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dunwich Horror

1 I watched the films Jaws, La Femme Nikita, Delicatessen, The Shawshank Redemption, Memento, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Amélie and loved them. I'm looking for a ss movie.	The Eagle Has Landed
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Michael Caine, German, Donald Sutherland, John Sturges, ss
3 I prefer Ronald Neame movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Odessa File

1 Pulp Fiction, Lone Star, Saving Private Ryan, Tin Men, King of the Hill, Nobody's Fool, and Corrina, Corrina are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Perfect World
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Kevin Costner, T.J. Lowther
3 I like Harvey Keitel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Lieutenant

1 Trainspotting, Michael Clayton, Barfly, A Christmas Tale, Superbad, Spartan, and Cool Hand Luke are films I like. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Summer Hours
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Olivier Assayas
3 I prefer Whit Stillman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Days of Disco

1 The Killing, The Straight Story, Jacob's Ladder, Singin' in the Rain, The Thin Red Line, High Noon, and Sunshine are films I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Last Waltz
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, Bob Dylan, scorsese, The Band
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Sweet Charity

1 I watched the films Billy Madison, Forrest Gump, Clueless, Babe, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Home Alone, and Mrs. Doubtfire and loved them. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	First Knight
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Richard Gere, Julia Ormond, Ben Cross
3 I like Julianne Hough movies more. Do you know anything else?	Safe Haven

1 The King's Speech, The Hours, The Shawshank Redemption, The Onion Field, When Harry Met Sally..., Milk, and The Savages are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Halle Berry movie.	Things We Lost in the Fire
2 What else is that about?	r, Benicio Del Toro, Halle Berry
3 I like Marc Forster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Monster's Ball

1 The Hurricane, The Sweet Hereafter, Swingers, American Beauty, Vertigo, Lovers of the Arctic Circle, and Sweet and Lowdown are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Slingshot
2 Who does that star?	Stellan Skarsgård, Basia Frydman, Jesper Salén
3 I rate Kevin Costner movies. Any other suggestions?	The Untouchables

1 I watched the films Pale Rider, The Crow, The Fly, Tombstone, The Sixth Sense, The Iron Giant, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin

1 King Kong, Grindhouse, Beauty and the Beast, The Man from Laramie, Spider-Man 2, Eastern Promises, and RoboCop are films I love. I'm looking for an Anna Karina movie.	A Woman Is a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Anna Karina

1 Lawrence of Arabia, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Superman, Key Largo, Babe, The Full Monty, and Being There are movies I love. I'm looking for a technicolor movie.	The War of the Worlds
2 Who is that directed by?	Byron Haskin
3 I like Emeric Pressburger movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Red Shoes

1 I watched the films The Dark Knight, Pulp Fiction, Jackass 3D, Walk the Line, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Inglourious Basterds, and 300 and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Half Baked
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stoner comedy, Harland Williams, Dave Chappelle
3 I rate Kevin Kline movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pink Panther

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Fight Club, The Thin Red Line, The Killer, Princess Mononoke, Lost in Translation, and My Neighbor Totoro are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I rate Shane Meadows movies. Any other suggestions?	A Room for Romeo Brass

1 I watched the films The Rock and Heat and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Ransom
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Mel Gibson, Ron Howard, Gary Sinise, Lili Taylor, Rene Russo
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Good Neighbors

1 I loved Alien, Cocoon, Westworld, Demolition Man, Superman, Jurassic Park, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Melvyn Douglas movie.	Hud
2 What else is that about?	Paul Newman, Martin Ritt, Melvyn Douglas
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ninotchka

1 Shallow Grave, Cliffhanger, GoldenEye, Broken Arrow, The Silence of the Lambs, Clerks, and Heat are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Virtuosity
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington, Kelly Lynch, Stephen Spinella
3 I like Jim Broadbent movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rough Magic

1 City of God, Life of Pi, Pulp Fiction, Gladiator, Training Day, The Shawshank Redemption, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Hurt Locker
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I rate Richard Quine movies. Any other suggestions?	Operation Mad Ball

1 The Searchers, Stuart Little, 10 Things I Hate About You, Erin Brockovich, The Lion King, Aladdin, and The Santa Clause are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Victor Hugo movie.	The Hunchback of Notre Dame
2 What else is that about?	Paris, Victor Hugo
3 I prefer france movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Les Misérables

1 I really like Beauty and the Beast, Forrest Gump, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Willow, The Trouble with Harry, Peter Pan, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for an Olivia de Havilland movie.	A Midsummer Night's Dream
2 Who is that directed by?	William Dieterle, Max Reinhardt
3 I rate Anatole Litvak movies. Any other suggestions?	The Snake Pit

1 Malcolm X, Spaceballs, Toy Story, The Godfather, Beetlejuice, Goodfellas, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	In the Heat of the Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Jewison
3 I rate David Fincher movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Good Will Hunting, Pulp Fiction, Priest, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 Who is that directed by?	Eduardo Sánchez, Daniel Myrick
3 I like Tomas Alfredson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Let the Right One In

1 Roman Holiday, The Fugitive, Papillon, High Fidelity, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, North by Northwest, and Casablanca are films I loved. I'm looking for a Richard Thorpe movie.	The Thin Man Goes Home
2 Who does that star?	Myrna Loy, William Powell
3 I prefer Arlene Dahl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Three Little Words

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Outbreak, Pulp Fiction, The Rock, Independence Day, and The Fugitive are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Eraser
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Caan, Chuck Russell, vanessa l. williams
3 I rate Morgan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	Olympus Has Fallen

1 The Fugitive, Forrest Gump, Jurassic Park, Braveheart, and Apollo 13 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jeremy Northam movie.	The Net
2 Who does that star?	Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Dennis Miller
3 I prefer Lucy Liu movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cypher

1 The Mask of Zorro, West Side Story, The Killing Fields, The Abyss, The French Connection, The Boy Who Could Fly, and Cyrano de Bergerac are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a King Kong movie.	King Kong vs. Godzilla
2 What else is that about?	japan, kaiju, Godzilla, toho, King Kong
3 I rate Japanese movies. Any other suggestions?	King Kong Escapes

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Tombstone, The Sixth Sense, Saving Private Ryan, Schindler's List, Das Boot, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a fugitive movie.	The Fugitive
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I prefer Mervyn LeRoy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang

1 Forrest Gump, Outbreak, Speed, The Usual Suspects, Crimson Tide, Apollo 13, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like Harold Ramis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Analyze That

1 Rear Window, Rain Man, Double Happiness, My Life as a Dog, A Room with a View, Malcolm X, and Babe are movies I love. I'm looking for an Olivia Hussey movie.	Romeo and Juliet
2 Who does that star?	Olivia Hussey, Leonard Whiting

1 Sorry, Wrong Number, A Streetcar Named Desire, Bridget Jones's Diary, Body Heat, Cool Hand Luke, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Five Easy Pieces are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	An American in Paris
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Leslie Caron, Oscar Levant, Georges Guétary
3 I rate Fred Astaire movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sky's the Limit

1 Happiness, Outbreak, La Haine, A Beautiful Mind, Almost Famous, When Harry Met Sally..., and The Dreamlife of Angels are films I love. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	The Haunting
2 What else is that about?	dark, remake, Liam Neeson, Owen Wilson, haunted house, Jan de Bont
3 I prefer museum movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night at the Museum

1 Jack, Phenomenon, The Craft, Twister, Escape from L.A., Dead Man Walking, and Courage Under Fire are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Multiplicity
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Harold Ramis, Andie MacDowell
3 I prefer Jack Black movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Clear and Present Danger, Beauty and the Beast, Clueless, Braveheart, The Birdcage, and The Secret Garden are movies I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Othello
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Burge

1 The Usual Suspects, The Silence of the Lambs, Clear and Present Danger, The Shawshank Redemption, While You Were Sleeping, The Fugitive, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I like Heather Graham movies more. Do you know anything else?	Two Girls and a Guy

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Fletch, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Big Daddy, Airplane!, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Thank You for Smoking are films I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Where in the World Is Osama Bin Laden?
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Spurlock
3 I like Agnès Varda movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Beaches of Agnès

1 I loved The Godfather, Don Juan DeMarco, In the Name of the Father, Dead Man Walking, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, The Return of the Pink Panther, and The Manchurian Candidate. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Close Shave
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I rate Les Blank movies. Any other suggestions?	Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, A Streetcar Named Desire, Jaws, Lawrence of Arabia, North by Northwest, Barry Lyndon, and The Last Emperor are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jean Renoir movie.	The Rules of the Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Jean Renoir

1 I liked Cool Hand Luke, The Blair Witch Project, Blast from the Past, Old School, Scream, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and True Romance. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamra Davis
3 I like Lionel Steketee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Case départ

1 A Grand Day Out, Harvey, and 13 Assassins are movies I like. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	Mary and Max
2 Who does that star?	Philip Seymour Hoffman, Eric Bana, Toni Collette, Barry Humphries
3 I like Judy Greer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jawbreaker

1 Bambi, What Planet Are You From?, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Men in Black, Galaxy Quest, Beauty and the Beast, and Peter Pan are films I loved. I'm looking for a Gary Goldman movie.	Thumbelina
2 What else is that about?	Don Bluth, Gary Goldman

1 A Beautiful Mind, A Clockwork Orange, Talk to Her, Requiem for a Dream, Grave of the Fireflies, Blue Velvet, and Metropolis are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, Musical, soundtrack, Lars von Trier, united states, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse
3 I like Crime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Antibodies

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Gandhi, Unforgiven, Network, The Godfather, The Wizard of Oz, and The Piano are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roman Holiday
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Romantic Comedy, Audrey Hepburn, rome, Gregory Peck, William Wyler, Princess
3 I prefer Steve Martin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dirty Rotten Scoundrels

1 I Shot Andy Warhol, The Celluloid Closet, Antonia's Line, Fargo, French Twist, and A Close Shave are films I love. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Young Poisoner's Handbook
2 What else is that about?	murder
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fugitive

1 I loved Tombstone, Saving Private Ryan, Chocolat, and The Birds. I'm looking for a Gus Van Sant movie.	Finding Forrester
2 What else is that about?	High School, Sean Connery, writing, Gus Van Sant, Michael Pitt, F. Murray Abraham
3 I like kurt cobain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Days

1 I liked Pay It Forward, Aliens, Europa Report, The Fifth Element, Evolution, Snowpiercer, and Taken. I'm looking for a Makoto Shinkai movie.	The Garden of Words
2 What else is that about?	Makoto Shinkai
3 I rate anime movies. Any other suggestions?	Voices of a Distant Star

1 GoldenEye, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Trainspotting, Heat, Outbreak, and Batman Forever are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a get movie.	Batman
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Michael Keaton, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl
3 I rate Maggie Gyllenhaal movies. Any other suggestions?	Donnie Darko

1 I loved The Bourne Ultimatum, Wonder Boys, Finding Nemo, Garden State, Monsoon Wedding, Life Is Beautiful, and Slumdog Millionaire. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Spanglish
2 Who is that directed by?	James L. Brooks
3 I prefer Lawrence Roeck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Forger

1 Get Shorty, The Young Poisoner's Handbook, Braveheart, The Funeral, Breaking the Waves, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and Hoop Dreams are films I really liked. I'm looking for an insects movie.	Microcosmos
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, insects

1 Ghost in the Shell, V for Vendetta, Munich, The Red Violin, The Usual Suspects, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and Labyrinth are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Morgan Spurlock movie.	Super Size Me
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, own, food, lies, obesity, Morgan Spurlock, Fast Food, health

1 Moon, Playtime, Kontroll, Sid and Nancy, All About My Mother, After Life, and The Passion of Joan of Arc are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	I Killed My Mother
2 Who does that star?	Xavier Dolan
3 I rate Oscar Isaac movies. Any other suggestions?	A Most Violent Year

1 Chicken Run, Meet Me in St. Louis, The Wrong Trousers, The King and I, To Kill a Mockingbird, Gone with the Wind, and An American in Paris are films I really like. I'm looking for a Stanley Donen movie.	On the Town
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, new york city, New York, Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Stanley Donen
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Singin' in the Rain

1 I like Beauty and the Beast, American Beauty, X-Men, Fight Club, Saw, The Dark Knight, and The Pursuit of Happyness. I'm looking for a 1990s movie.	Into the Wild
2 Who is that directed by?	Sean Penn
3 I prefer Robert Iscove movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	She's All That

1 I really like Being John Malkovich, Lawrence of Arabia, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	About Schmidt
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Road Trip, Jack Nicholson, death, Life, Alexander Payne
3 I prefer Leo McCarey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bells of St. Mary's

1 The Thin Red Line, A Man for All Seasons, He Got Game, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Thin Man, Antz, and Gandhi are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	King of the Hill
2 What else is that about?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer Matt Damon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Informant!

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, My Fair Lady, Scent of a Woman, Rear Window, Reservoir Dogs, The Godfather, and Pearl Harbor are movies I love. I'm looking for a John Ford movie.	Mister Roberts
2 What else is that about?	John Ford, Jack Lemmon, Henry Fonda, James Cagney, Mervyn LeRoy
3 I prefer John Steinbeck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Grapes of Wrath

1 Spy Kids, Stargate, Men in Black, The Royal Tenenbaums, Die Hard, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are movies I like. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	The NeverEnding Story
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, story, Wolfgang Petersen, quest
3 I prefer disease movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Outbreak

1 I liked The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Walk the Line, Finding Nemo, Super Size Me, Juno, Bolt, and Old School. I'm looking for a Kristen Bell movie.	Forgetting Sarah Marshall
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Mila Kunis, Jason Segel, Hawaii, Kristen Bell, Russell Brand, composer, Nicholas Stoller, apatow
3 I rate Jay Baruchel movies. Any other suggestions?	Fanboys

1 Yellow Submarine, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, Run Lola Run, and The Killer are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Deliverance
2 Who does that star?	Jon Voight, Ned Beatty, Burt Reynolds, Ronny Cox
3 I like Hywel Bennett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Twisted Nerve

1 Pulp Fiction, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Stargate, Speed, and Aladdin are films I love. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I rate John Hillcoat movies. Any other suggestions?	Lawless

1 Chicken Run, The Wrong Trousers, A Close Shave, Legally Blonde, Mars Attacks!, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really like. I'm looking for a saturday night live movie.	Mean Girls
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, Rachel McAdams, Lindsay Lohan, Tina Fey, saturday night live, Amanda Seyfried, Amy Poehler, clique, Mark Waters, Lizzy Caplan, Lacey Chabert, Tim Meadows
3 I prefer Mike Myers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wayne's World

1 I watched the films Legally Blonde, 10 Things I Hate About You, Jerry Maguire, Pleasantville, When Harry Met Sally..., Pretty Woman, and Field of Dreams and loved them. I'm looking for a Music movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I rate Martin Scorsese movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Waltz

1 Mallrats, Contact, Heist, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Rashomon, Stalag 17, and A Clockwork Orange are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Shadrach
2 Who is that directed by?	Susanna Styron

1 I like Jurassic Park, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Green Mile, No Country for Old Men, Vanilla Sky, The King's Speech, and The Social Network. I'm looking for a Short movie.	The Man Who Planted Trees
2 What else is that about?	Short
3 I like Alain Resnais movies more. Do you know anything else?	Toute la mémoire du monde

1 Being There, Lawrence of Arabia, The Manchurian Candidate, Jaws, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Vertigo, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, r, Family, story, mafia, Al Pacino, national film registry, New York, Italian, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, best picture, James Caan, sicily, length, coppola
3 I like Don Cheadle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Out of Sight

1 I like Fantasia, The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, The Birds, Pan's Labyrinth, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Quentin Tarantino movie.	Jackie Brown
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino
3 I like Robert Rodriguez movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grindhouse

1 I love Pinocchio, The Silence of the Lambs, The Birdcage, Les Misérables, Beauty and the Beast, Dances with Wolves, and Ghost. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rudy
2 What else is that about?	sports, football, Sean Astin, David Anspaugh
3 I rate boxing movies. Any other suggestions?	Grudge Match

1 I watched the films Braveheart, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Star Trek, Mystery Men, The Lives of Others, Groundhog Day, and The Boondock Saints and loved them. I'm looking for a comics movie.	Spider-Man 2
2 What else is that about?	superhero, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, octopus
3 I like wolverine movies more. Do you know anything else?	X-Men

1 Amarcord, 8½, Patton, Raise the Red Lantern, Casablanca, Scent of a Woman, and Dersu Uzala are movies I like. I'm looking for a Todd Solondz movie.	Storytelling
2 What else is that about?	Todd Solondz
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Welcome to the Dollhouse

1 I like Phenomenon, Forrest Gump, At First Sight, She's All That, Message in a Bottle, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Election
2 Who does that star?	Simon Yam
3 I rate Michael J. Pollard movies. Any other suggestions?	Bonnie and Clyde

1 I watched the films Apocalypse Now, His Girl Friday, Rushmore, Flirting with Disaster, Annie Hall, The Godfather, and The Player and loved them. I'm looking for a Richard Lester movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Richard Lester
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Hard Day's Night

1 Sense and Sensibility, The First Wives Club, Slumdog Millionaire, The Lion King, Aladdin, Gladiator, and Hero are films I like. I'm looking for an italy movie.	I Am Love
2 Who does that star?	Tilda Swinton
3 I like Marianne Koch movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Fistful of Dollars

1 Holiday Inn, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Gone with the Wind, The African Queen, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Singin' in the Rain, and Key Largo are films I loved. I'm looking for an Errol Flynn movie.	Santa Fe Trail
2 Who does that star?	Raymond Massey, Olivia de Havilland, Errol Flynn, Ronald Reagan
3 I prefer Basil Rathbone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Captain Blood

1 I like Requiem for a Dream, A Clockwork Orange, Natural Born Killers, and Shallow Grave. I'm looking for a Tim Roth movie.	Four Rooms
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, tarantino, Hotel, Tim Roth, Allison Anders
3 I rate Jessica Lange movies. Any other suggestions?	Rob Roy

1 I watched the films Rob Roy, Primary Colors, Donnie Brasco, Passion Fish, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Third Man, and Ed Wood and loved them. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 What else is that about?	War, Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Alan J. Pakula
3 I like Glenn Close movies more. Do you know anything else?	The House of the Spirits

1 I like The Big Sleep, Airplane!, The Usual Suspects, Fargo, The Mask, The Godfather, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I like Mia Farrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Husbands and Wives

1 My Life as a Dog, Central Station, Modern Times, Back to the Future, Aladdin, Children of Heaven, and Cinema Paradiso are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bread and Tulips
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, Bruno Ganz
3 I rate Twins movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Business

1 I like Braveheart, Singin' in the Rain, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Lethal Weapon 3, Mary Poppins, and The Mask. I'm looking for a David Lean movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness, Sessue Hayakawa
3 I prefer Judy Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Passage to India

1 12 Angry Men, Schindler's List, The Hunt for Red October, The French Connection, Miller's Crossing, Gladiator, and Fantasia are films I loved. I'm looking for a Neil Simon movie.	Brighton Beach Memoirs
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Neil Simon
3 I like Hotel movies more. Do you know anything else?	California Suite

1 Mary Poppins, Jurassic Park, Mrs. Doubtfire, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Sound of Music, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I like. I'm looking for a Gary Sinise movie.	Ransom
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I prefer Gary Sinise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Of Mice and Men

1 I like Moulin Rouge!, The Matrix, The Original Kings of Comedy, Dark City, Men of Honor, Dick, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a New York movie.	Happy Accidents
2 What else is that about?	New York, relationship
3 I prefer Juliette Lewis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Switch

1 North by Northwest, Fight Club, The Insider, The Illusionist, Braveheart, Scarface, and Zodiac are movies I like. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	The China Syndrome
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Michael Douglas, Jack Lemmon, Jane Fonda
3 I rate sexuality movies. Any other suggestions?	Basic Instinct

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Casablanca, Taxi Driver, The Third Man, The Apartment, and Brazil are films I love. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	Carrie
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Stephen King, Brian De Palma, Sissy Spacek, Piper Laurie
3 I rate John Carpenter movies. Any other suggestions?	Christine

1 I liked Trainspotting, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I like Gregory Peck movies more. Do you know anything else?	Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.

1 The Philadelphia Story, The Candidate, My Left Foot, The Usual Suspects, The Elephant Man, Wings of Desire, and Raging Bull are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kramer vs. Kramer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Divorce, Robert Benton
3 I prefer College movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blue Chips

1 Airplane!, The Wedding Singer, Balto, Stand by Me, The Apostle, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Prince of Egypt are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Uncle Buck
2 What else is that about?	John Hughes, John Candy, Macaulay Culkin, gaby hoffman
3 I rate Nancy Meyers movies. Any other suggestions?	Something's Gotta Give

1 V for Vendetta, Pleasantville, Animal House, The English Patient, Sherlock Holmes, Shanghai Noon, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shallow Grave
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, criterion, dark, Crime, directorial debut, Ewan McGregor, Danny Boyle
3 I rate story movies. Any other suggestions?	Scum

1 The Last Unicorn, The Goonies, Pulp Fiction, Predator, Labyrinth, The Secret of NIMH, and The Princess Bride are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Wesley Snipes movie.	Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Norrington
3 I rate Ron Shelton movies. Any other suggestions?	White Men Can't Jump

1 Singin' in the Rain, Up, The Avengers, and How to Train Your Dragon are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gran Torino
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Clint Eastwood, cast, detroit, gang, Hmong
3 I prefer Gabourey Sidibe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Precious

1 I really liked Finding Nemo, Moulin Rouge!, Amélie, Remember the Titans, The Italian Job, The Green Mile, and Monsters, Inc.. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chicago
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Marshall
3 I prefer George Clooney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Leatherheads

1 I watched the films Once Upon a Time in Mexico, Freaky Friday, The Santa Clause, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Love Actually, Under the Tuscan Sun, and Ghostbusters and loved them. I'm looking for a conjoined twins movie.	Stuck on You
2 What else is that about?	Matt Damon, Twins, Greg Kinnear, farrelly brothers, conjoined twins

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, The Godfather, Rear Window, Annie Hall, Auntie Mame, All About Eve, and American Beauty are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Seven Beauties
2 Who does that star?	Fernando Rey, Giancarlo Giannini, Shirley Stoler
3 I like Robert Mitchum movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Enemy Below

1 The Terminator, American History X, The Blues Brothers, Full Metal Jacket, A Clockwork Orange, Waking Life, and The Crying Game are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I rate Biography movies. Any other suggestions?	Capone

1 The Spanish Prisoner, Persuasion, Beauty and the Beast, The Philadelphia Story, Cyrano de Bergerac, Roman Holiday, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Night
2 Who does that star?	Stanley Tucci, Tony Shalhoub
3 I like Wallace Beery movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dinner at Eight

1 Logan's Run, Fandango, Dances with Wolves, Dude, Where's My Car?, Phantasm, Monsters, Inc., and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I liked. I'm looking for a Jeff Bridges movie.	Starman
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges
3 I prefer Tim Robbins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Arlington Road

1 The Game, Happiness, Man Bites Dog, The American President, Trust, Eyes Wide Shut, and Memento are movies I love. I'm looking for a school movie.	Lovers of the Arctic Circle
2 What else is that about?	nature, school, Spanish, coincidences, Julio Medem
3 I like Tamra Davis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Billy Madison

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Duck Soup, North by Northwest, Yojimbo, His Girl Friday, The Player, and Castle in the Sky are films I loved. I'm looking for a toshiro mifune movie.	Sanjuro
2 What else is that about?	japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, Japanese, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I prefer film noir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stray Dog

1 Toy Story 2, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Chinatown, Reservoir Dogs, Waiting for Guffman, Naked Lunch, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I rate Trey Parker movies. Any other suggestions?	Orgazmo

1 Rob Roy, Aladdin, Batman Forever, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Don Juan DeMarco, Legends of the Fall, and Dances with Wolves are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drew Barrymore movie.	Boys on the Side
2 What else is that about?	Drew Barrymore, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I prefer amnesia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	50 First Dates

1 The Usual Suspects, Eraser, The Hunt for Red October, The Rock, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Con Air, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Bodyguard
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Whitney Houston
3 I prefer Reese Witherspoon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Walk the Line

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Life Is Beautiful, Dances with Wolves, Toy Story 2, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pretty Woman, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Being John Malkovich
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Drama, original, John Cusack, John Malkovich, Cameron Diaz, Charlie Kaufman, Catherine Keener, Spike Jonze
3 I rate Ira Sachs movies. Any other suggestions?	Keep the Lights On

1 Dawn of the Dead, Reservoir Dogs, The City of Lost Children, Sin City, The War of the Worlds, Cape Fear, and Dawn of the Dead are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sam Peckinpah movie.	The Getaway
2 Who does that star?	Steve McQueen, Ben Johnson, Ali MacGraw, Sally Struthers
3 I like John Hurt movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Osterman Weekend

1 Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Arabia, Delicatessen, The Sting, Fargo, and Young Frankenstein are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	To Kill a Mockingbird
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, classic, Drama, national film registry, own, owned, lawyers, book, Gregory Peck, Robert Duvall, lawyer, alabama, Harper Lee, tag, compassion, southern, Robert Mulligan
3 I rate Robert Pattinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Remember Me

1 Emma, The Shawshank Redemption, Sense and Sensibility, The Age of Innocence, The Sound of Music, Apollo 13, and Fried Green Tomatoes are films I like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Drama, inspirational, Family, christmas, story, long, James Stewart, money, favorite, Frank Capra, Angel
3 I prefer Rashomon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hoodwinked!

1 A Bronx Tale, Goodfellas, Tin Cup, Gung Ho, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, My Blue Heaven, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a College movie.	Back to School
2 What else is that about?	College, Rodney Dangerfield
3 I prefer Katie Holmes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Abandon

1 Doctor Zhivago, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Annie Hall, The Godfather, All About Eve, JFK, and Rocky are films I liked. I'm looking for a lawyer movie.	To Kill a Mockingbird
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Mulligan
3 I rate Jonathan Lynn movies. Any other suggestions?	My Cousin Vinny

1 The Princess Bride, The Sixth Sense, Shakespeare in Love, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Fifth Element, Legends of the Fall, and Titanic are films I love. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Gattaca
2 What else is that about?	future, science fiction, Jude Law, Uma Thurman, Ethan Hawke, eugenics, Gore Vidal, Andrew Niccol
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Looper

1 I loved Speed, Lawrence of Arabia, Unforgiven, The Right Stuff, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, and Seven Samurai. I'm looking for a mafia movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Johnny Depp, new york city, mafia, Al Pacino, 1970s, fbi, Mike Newell, Anne Heche, Bruno Kirby
3 I prefer Michelle Pfeiffer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Family

1 I like Run Lola Run, Cinderella Man, The Birds, Fight Club, Good Morning, Vietnam, Blazing Saddles, and Blue Velvet. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Diary of Anne Frank
2 What else is that about?	George Stevens
3 I like Family movies more. Do you know anything else?	Post Grad

1 I watched the films Kagemusha, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Jude, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Cinema Paradiso, Chicken Run, and Waiting for Guffman and loved them. I'm looking for a shipwreck movie.	The Black Stallion
2 What else is that about?	horses, shipwreck, G, Mickey Rooney, Carroll Ballard
3 I rate Irene Dunne movies. Any other suggestions?	My Favorite Wife

1 I watched the films The Shining, The Crying Game, Groundhog Day, Being John Malkovich, Philadelphia, The Birds, and Trainspotting and loved them. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Volver
2 What else is that about?	r, Spanish, spain, sexual abuse, almodovar, madrid, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Flesh

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Bend It Like Beckham, Amélie, and There's Something About Mary are movies I really like. I'm looking for a france movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who is that directed by?	Olivier Nakache
3 I rate Lawrence Kasdan movies. Any other suggestions?	French Kiss

1 Fight Club, Strictly Ballroom, The Usual Suspects, Tank Girl, Big Fish, Memento, and Spirited Away are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	End of Days
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Peter Hyams, schwarzenegger
3 I like Adventure movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mummy

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Bridget Jones's Diary, The Hunt for Red October, Toy Story, Philadelphia, Grumpy Old Men, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Smoke Signals
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Eyre

1 I really liked Dead Man Walking, Ghost, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Casablanca, The Godfather, and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Lost Horizon
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Frank Capra
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Purple Rose of Cairo

1 I watched the films The Great Escape, Buena Vista Social Club, MASH, Chinatown, Dangerous Liaisons, North by Northwest, and Schindler's List and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I prefer John Madden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shakespeare in Love

1 I watched the films Ikiru, Dawn of the Dead, The Warriors, Down by Law, The Big Lebowski, Hackers, and Croupier and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	24 Hour Party People
2 What else is that about?	Music, r, 1980s, 1970s, Steve Coogan, punk rock, Michael Winterbottom, Joy Division, reporter, manchester
3 I like Charles Dickens movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppet Christmas Carol

1 Fargo, The Green Mile, Mulholland Drive, Lone Star, Tombstone, Good Will Hunting, and The Princess Bride are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt, James L. Brooks, nicholson
3 I like Jon Favreau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Couples Retreat

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, School of Rock, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Fight Club, Life Is Beautiful, The Shawshank Redemption, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a script movie.	The Hangover
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Police, story, plot, script, las vegas, Zach Galifianakis, Bradley Cooper, Heather Graham, Vulgar, Ken Jeong, Todd Phillips, Ed Helms, Justin Bartha, Bachelor Party, tiger, hangover
3 I prefer military movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hulk

1 I like Apollo 13, Arsenic and Old Lace, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Jurassic Park, Emma, Sense and Sensibility, and That Thing You Do!. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sabrina
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, Harrison Ford, Greg Kinnear, Julia Ormond
3 I prefer racing movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Love Bug

1 I like Chicken Run, Holiday Inn, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Forever Young, High Fidelity, Sliding Doors, and Four Weddings and a Funeral. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	East Is East
2 Who does that star?	Om Puri, Linda Bassett
3 I like Fernandel movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Return of Don Camillo

1 The Prestige, Walk the Line, Gladiator, Heat, Good Will Hunting, I Am Legend, and Apollo 13 are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Flight
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington
3 I like Dermot Mulroney movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Family Stone

1 I loved Roman Holiday, For a Few Dollars More, RoboCop, Angel Heart, Rain Man, The Hunt for Red October, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Lars von Trier movie.	Europa
2 Who does that star?	Udo Kier, Barbara Sukowa
3 I like Emily Watson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breaking the Waves

1 Amélie, Rushmore, Fight Club, Spartacus, Suicide Kings, Pulp Fiction, and Spirited Away are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Frighteners
2 Who does that star?	Michael J. Fox, Trini Alvarado, John Astin, Peter Dobson
3 I like Robert Mitchum movies more. Do you know anything else?	Holiday Affair

1 Moulin Rouge!, High Fidelity, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Dark City, Mars Attacks!, Man on the Moon, and The Story of Us are films I really like. I'm looking for a Jessica Lange movie.	King Kong
2 Who is that directed by?	John Guillermin
3 I prefer Tim Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Fish

1 Lovers of the Arctic Circle, Delicatessen, Princess Mononoke, Deconstructing Harry, Rebecca, The Lost Weekend, and Deliverance are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Guard
2 What else is that about?	Don Cheadle, Mark Strong, Brendan Gleeson, John Michael McDonagh
3 I rate Blake Edwards movies. Any other suggestions?	Operation Petticoat

1 I like The Fifth Element, Zombieland, Liar Liar, The Dark Knight, Big, Collateral, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lucy
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Scarlett Johansson
3 I rate Chris Tucker movies. Any other suggestions?	Rush Hour 2

1 I liked Schindler's List, Shine, The Pianist, The Usual Suspects, Slumdog Millionaire, Dark City, and All About My Mother. I'm looking for a business movie.	Food, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, business, food, farming, america
3 I prefer Broadway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying

1 The Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, P.S. I Love You, Memento, 50 First Dates, The Inglorious Bastards, and Inception are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 Who is that directed by?	Jerry Zucker
3 I like Michel Gondry movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Science of Sleep

1 Psycho, The Silence of the Lambs, Casablanca, Shakespeare in Love, Citizen Kane, A Room with a View, and Network are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jonathan Glazer movie.	Sexy Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Glazer

1 Braveheart, The Princess Bride, Trainspotting, Wonder Boys, Best in Show, Memento, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, classic, disturbing, violence, Music, violent, psychological, r, future, soundtrack, rape, Stanley Kubrick, controversial, psychiatry, kubrick, Malcolm McDowell, Beethoven, Anthony Burgess
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Town

1 I watched the films Whale Rider, City of God, Ice Age, Monsters, Inc., American Beauty, The Wrong Trousers, and American History X and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Game
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Mystery, Sean Penn, David Fincher, Michael Douglas, 4
3 I rate Denis Villeneuve movies. Any other suggestions?	Prisoners

1 The Matrix, Braveheart, Army of Darkness, and The Terminator are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Blast from the Past
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Brendan Fraser, Alicia Silverstone, Hugh Wilson
3 I prefer Kim Cattrall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Police Academy

1 Pulp Fiction, The Sound of Music, Sense and Sensibility, The English Patient, Dead Man Walking, Heathers, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I like. I'm looking for a friendship movie.	Fried Green Tomatoes
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Avnet
3 I like Akira Kurosawa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dersu Uzala

1 I love Braveheart, Dolores Claiborne, The Madness of King George, Crimson Tide, Mr. Holland's Opus, While You Were Sleeping, and Babe. I'm looking for a stupid movie.	The Stupids
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I like John R. Cherry III movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ernest Scared Stupid

1 Never Been Kissed, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, Legally Blonde, Shakespeare in Love, Gladiator, Quills, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	10 Things I Hate About You
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, teen, shakespeare, romantic, Heath Ledger, Julia Stiles, Gil Junger
3 I prefer Michael Bay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pearl Harbor

1 Speed, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, Braveheart, Outbreak, True Lies, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I loved. I'm looking for a Renny Harlin movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I like Samuel L. Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deep Blue Sea

1 Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Shakespeare in Love, Sense and Sensibility, Rain Man, Casablanca, True Lies, and The Wedding Singer are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Paris When It Sizzles
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Quine
3 I rate Richard Linklater movies. Any other suggestions?	Bernie

1 The Sixth Sense, Forrest Gump, Amélie, You Can Count on Me, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, The Matrix, and Schindler's List are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Being John Malkovich
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Jonze
3 I rate Michel Gondry movies. Any other suggestions?	Mood Indigo

1 I liked Animal House, Time Bandits, The Blues Brothers, Back to the Future, The Fisher King, Independence Day, and The General. I'm looking for an Audrey Hepburn movie.	Charade
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen
3 I prefer Billy Wilder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love in the Afternoon

1 The Day of the Jackal, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Shakespeare in Love, The Killing, The Caine Mutiny, The World's Fastest Indian, and Munich are movies I really like. I'm looking for a George Stevens movie.	Gunga Din
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, india, Rudyard Kipling, George Stevens
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Woman of the Year

1 The Karate Kid, Hero, Unbreakable, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Yellow Submarine, The Sixth Sense, and 12 Angry Men are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	28 Weeks Later
2 Who is that directed by?	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
3 I like Tom Holland movies more. Do you know anything else?	Child's Play

1 I like Wag the Dog, Patriot Games, Miracle on 34th Street, True Lies, Sister Act, Armageddon, and Air Force One. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Anchors Aweigh
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, José Iturbi
3 I like Aaron Eckhart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Molly

1 The Mummy, Swiss Family Robinson, Jurassic Park, Pollyanna, West Side Story, Pretty Woman, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Something to Talk About
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Julia Roberts, Dennis Quaid, Gena Rowlands
3 I like Christopher Walken movies more. Do you know anything else?	Communion

1 A Beautiful Mind, The Matrix, Ocean's Eleven, Closer, Top Gun, The Fugitive, and Rain Man are films I really like. I'm looking for a heist film movie.	Ocean's Twelve
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, George Clooney

1 Jean de Florette, Shock Corridor, The Fly, Fargo, Grand Hotel, The Night of the Hunter, and Coal Miner's Daughter are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
2 Who does that star?	Paul Muni
3 I prefer Scott Wilson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The New Centurions

1 Some Like It Hot, The Band Wagon, The Apartment, Notorious, It's a Wonderful Life, My Man Godfrey, and Rebecca are films I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Sound of Music
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Plummer, Julie Andrews
3 I like Jodi Benson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Little Mermaid

1 I love Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Run Lola Run, Jane Eyre, Let the Right One In, The Royal Tenenbaums, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bubba Ho-Tep
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Coscarelli
3 I rate Stephen Frears movies. Any other suggestions?	My Beautiful Laundrette

1 The Lego Movie, Blackfish, Layer Cake, Stardust, Amélie, Gravity, and Wreck-It Ralph are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	We're the Millers
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Aniston, Jason Sudeikis, Emma Roberts, Will Poulter
3 I prefer Glenn Close movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	102 Dalmatians

1 A Scanner Darkly, The Butterfly Effect, Primer, Flatliners, The Lawnmower Man, Donnie Darko, and The Ghost and the Darkness are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Next
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Tamahori
3 I prefer Marcos Siega movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Underclassman

1 I really like Stardust, Ice Age, Tarzan, Pet Sematary, Beauty and the Beast, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, and Awake. I'm looking for a visual movie.	300
2 What else is that about?	comic book, War, r, historical, Epic, Gerard Butler, visual, Frank Miller, Zack Snyder, graphic novel, comic, queen, king, thermopylae
3 I rate fbi movies. Any other suggestions?	Manhunter

1 The Saint, Fallen, The Silence of the Lambs, Ransom, The Sixth Sense, The General's Daughter, and In the Mouth of Madness are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Lake Placid
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Miner
3 I rate Terence Fisher movies. Any other suggestions?	The Devil Rides Out

1 I like O Brother, Where Art Thou? and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a John Goodman movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich, Pete Docter, David Silverman
3 I rate Kevin Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Red State

1 A Little Princess, Fearless, Once Were Warriors, Babe, In the Name of the Father, Dead Man Walking, and Fargo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Piano
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, 19th century, new zealand, Harvey Keitel, piano, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin, Jane Campion
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Town

1 I liked Double Indemnity, Magnolia, Princess Mononoke, The Sting, Some Like It Hot, The Tango Lesson, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Prisoner of the Mountains
2 What else is that about?	Russian
3 I prefer John Sturges movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kind Lady

1 Stand by Me, Mallrats, High Fidelity, Rushmore, Reservoir Dogs, Chicken Run, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Big Picture
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest
3 I rate Preston A. Whitmore II movies. Any other suggestions?	This Christmas

1 Schindler's List and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, historical, library, national film registry, Western, Epic, Kevin Costner, best picture, indians, Wolves, indian
3 I prefer Ed Harris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Appaloosa

1 I like Night on Earth, Children of a Lesser God, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, High Plains Drifter, The Abyss, Being There, and Boys Don't Cry. I'm looking for a Lewis Milestone movie.	Pork Chop Hill
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone

1 I really liked A Close Shave, Dead Man Walking, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Al Pacino, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby
3 I prefer Russell Crowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Way Back

1 Last Action Hero, Waterworld, Apollo 13, Babe, Beauty and the Beast, Forrest Gump, and Addams Family Values are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Casper
2 What else is that about?	Family, ghosts, Christina Ricci, Ghost, Eric Idle
3 I like Richard Brooks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof

1 Jurassic Park, Mrs. Doubtfire, Stargate, Demolition Man, The Fugitive, Speed, and Heat are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tommy Boy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chris Farley, David Spade, Peter Segal
3 I prefer Musical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cannibal! The Musical

1 Singin' in the Rain, Shane, Stalag 17, Destry Rides Again, Sabrina, Laura, and The Odd Couple are movies I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	That's Entertainment!
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fifth Musketeer

1 The Piano, Get Shorty, Dave, The Silence of the Lambs, The Lion King, While You Were Sleeping, and The Fugitive are films I like. I'm looking for a Rene Russo movie.	In the Line of Fire
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, assassin, Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich, Assassination, secret service, Wolfgang Petersen, eastwood, Rene Russo
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ransom

1 The Thin Red Line, The Princess Bride, Fight Club, The Godfather, The Departed, Cinema Paradiso, and La Dolce Vita are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Contempt
2 Who does that star?	Brigitte Bardot
3 I rate Lauri Peters movies. Any other suggestions?	Summer Holiday

1 It's a Wonderful Life, Das Boot, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Swing Kids, Virtuosity, Scream, and Immortal Beloved are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	An Affair to Remember
2 What else is that about?	Cary Grant, Leo McCarey, Deborah Kerr
3 I like Bing Crosby movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bells of St. Mary's

1 The Matrix, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Shakespeare in Love, Open Your Eyes, Real Genius, Memento, and 12 Angry Men are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Top Secret!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, Val Kilmer, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker
3 I rate Ian Somerhalder movies. Any other suggestions?	Wake

1 The Lion King, Dances with Wolves, Sleepless in Seattle, Pretty Woman, The Net, The Fugitive, and Ghost are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Matchstick Men

1 The Thin Red Line, Lone Star, Out of Africa, Billy Elliot, Fargo, Life Is Beautiful, and Argo are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Omar Sharif movie.	Doctor Zhivago
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lean
3 I prefer Anatole Litvak movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Night of the Generals

1 Life Is Beautiful, Die Hard, Raising Arizona, And Now for Something Completely Different, North by Northwest, His Girl Friday, and Babe are films I love. I'm looking for a Ben Sharpsteen movie.	Fantasia
2 Who does that star?	Leopold Stokowski, Deems Taylor

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Departed, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Batman Begins, The Fisher King, and Love Actually are movies I like. I'm looking for a Don Cheadle movie.	Crash
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Police, ensemble cast, racism, own, Sandra Bullock, los angeles, Don Cheadle, Brendan Fraser, Matt Dillon, Paul Haggis, Terrence Howard
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swordfish

1 Pieces of April, The Postman Always Rings Twice, In the Mood for Love, 12 Angry Men, Frida, The Sea Inside, and MASH are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	La Strada
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Quinn, Giulietta Masina, Richard Basehart
3 I like Shirley Temple movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Littlest Rebel

1 I loved Jurassic Park, Pretty Woman, The Lion King, Forrest Gump, Speed, Braveheart, and Stargate. I'm looking for a Patrick Swayze movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I like Maggie Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Keeping Mum

1 Die Hard, The Player, Notorious, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Nosferatu, and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Errol Flynn movie.	Captain Blood
2 Who does that star?	Basil Rathbone, Olivia de Havilland, Errol Flynn
3 I like Donald Crisp movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Fargo, Ghostbusters, Das Boot, High Noon, Alien, and Mr. Holland's Opus are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I rate Victor Fleming movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wizard of Oz

1 I really like A Fish Called Wanda, The Iron Giant, Bonnie and Clyde, Doctor Zhivago, Sleeper, The Apostle, and Network. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cry Freedom
2 What else is that about?	africa, 1970s, south africa, apartheid, Richard Attenborough
3 I prefer Ron Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apollo 13

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Goodfellas, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sixth Sense, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Edward Burns
3 I like Julia Roberts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hook

1 I like Blade Runner, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Das Boot, The Third Man, Glengarry Glen Ross, A Fish Called Wanda, and Seven Samurai. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Italian Job
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg, Jason Statham, Charlize Theron, Donald Sutherland
3 I like Zoe Saldana movies more. Do you know anything else?	Star Trek Into Darkness

1 I love Six-String Samurai, Sense and Sensibility, A Close Shave, The Piano, Contact, Mulan, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Hard Core Logo
2 What else is that about?	Music, mockumentary, punk rock, Bruce McDonald
3 I rate country music movies. Any other suggestions?	My Father and the Man in Black

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Titan A.E., Brazil, Boys Don't Cry, Top Secret!, Night on Earth, and The Muppets Take Manhattan are films I loved. I'm looking for a Charlie Sheen movie.	Hot Shots!
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Abrahams
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Platoon

1 Apocalypto, Revolver, The Matrix, Tomorrow Never Dies, GoldenEye, The Chronicles of Riddick, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The International
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Corruption, international, Tom Tykwer
3 I prefer Sniper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shooter

1 The Matrix, Fight Club, Milk, Coffee and Cigarettes, Casablanca, Pulp Fiction, and Death Proof are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Control
2 Who is that directed by?	Anton Corbijn
3 I like Peeter Simm movies more. Do you know anything else?	Georg

1 A Christmas Story, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Notting Hill, Braveheart, When Harry Met Sally..., It's a Wonderful Life, and Chariots of Fire are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Sean Astin movie.	Rudy
2 Who does that star?	Sean Astin, Ned Beatty
3 I rate Rob Schneider movies. Any other suggestions?	50 First Dates

1 The Crying Game, In the Bedroom, Talk to Her, Sense and Sensibility, Hannah and Her Sisters, Fargo, and The Lion King are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Rose Byrne movie.	I Capture the Castle
2 What else is that about?	r, Rose Byrne, Bill Nighy, castle
3 I like Matthew Lillard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wicker Park

1 I love Pan's Labyrinth, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Silence of the Lambs, Moulin Rouge!, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Princess Bride, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for an ending movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
3 I rate surreal movies. Any other suggestions?	Mulholland Drive

1 I loved Frida, Much Ado About Nothing, L.I.E., Saving Private Ryan, Brokedown Palace, The Lion King, and The Station Agent. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	Ararat
2 What else is that about?	historical, Genocide, turkey, Atom Egoyan, Armenian
3 I like Elaine Cassidy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Felicia's Journey

1 The Maltese Falcon, Much Ado About Nothing, Schindler's List, L.A. Confidential, Dances with Wolves, Amistad, and Babe are movies I liked. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Darabont
3 I prefer Kenneth Lonergan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Margaret

1 Tommy Boy, The Shawshank Redemption, and Get Shorty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta
3 I rate Sally Field movies. Any other suggestions?	Eye for an Eye

1 I liked Fletch, Top Gun, National Lampoon's Vacation, Independence Day, The Deer Hunter, Bottle Rocket, and Out of Sight. I'm looking for a Phil Alden Robinson movie.	Field of Dreams
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, Amy Madigan
3 I like Robert Redford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sneakers

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Blazing Saddles, Blade Runner, Red Rock West, Airplane!, Grosse Pointe Blank, and Raising Arizona are films I like. I'm looking for a Peter Berg movie.	The Last Seduction
2 What else is that about?	noir, Bill Pullman, John Dahl, Peter Berg, Linda Fiorentino
3 I like Mark Wahlberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lone Survivor

1 The War of the Worlds, King Kong, Spider-Man, The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Godzilla, The Usual Suspects, and Monsters, Inc. are films I really like. I'm looking for a Cary Grant movie.	Only Angels Have Wings
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I like Blake Edwards movies more. Do you know anything else?	Operation Petticoat

1 I watched the films The Maltese Falcon, High Fidelity, The Apostle, Children of Paradise, Rear Window, Rebecca, and The Man Who Would Be King and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Local Hero
2 Who does that star?	Burt Lancaster, Peter Riegert, Denis Lawson, Fulton Mackay
3 I like Ed Harris movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Right Stuff

1 The Producers, The Matrix, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Sound of Music, Deliverance, To Catch a Thief, and Toy Story 2 are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Money Pit
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, Richard Benjamin, Shelley Long
3 I rate Julia Roberts movies. Any other suggestions?	Mirror Mirror

1 I love Strangers on a Train, Shadow of a Doubt, Hoop Dreams, Sullivan's Travels, The Killing, Seven Samurai, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Preston Sturges movie.	The Palm Beach Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Preston Sturges
3 I like Mitchell Leisen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Remember the Night

1 Lost in Translation, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Finding Nemo, Black Hawk Down, There Will Be Blood, The Matrix, and Back to the Future are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, Heath Ledger, Anne Hathaway, Jake Gyllenhaal, Ang Lee, Michelle Williams
3 I prefer Shane West movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Walk to Remember

1 I liked Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wolf of Wall Street, Gone Girl, The Prestige, Inception, The Intouchables, and Interstellar. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Oldboy
2 Who does that star?	Josh Brolin, Sharlto Copley, Elizabeth Olsen
3 I rate Anthony Mackie movies. Any other suggestions?	She Hate Me

1 I liked Dances with Wolves, Babe, Crimson Tide, While You Were Sleeping, True Lies, Pulp Fiction, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate Jet Li movies. Any other suggestions?	The One

1 The Jerk, Fight Club, National Lampoon's Vacation, American Beauty, Unforgiven, Being John Malkovich, and Touch of Evil are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	JFK
2 What else is that about?	historical, Conspiracy, Gary Oldman, Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Costner, Oliver Stone, president, John F. Kennedy
3 I prefer israel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Debt

1 Apollo 13, The Maltese Falcon, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Much Ado About Nothing, Mary Poppins, Rear Window, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roxanne
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred Schepisi
3 I like Robert Lee King movies more. Do you know anything else?	Psycho Beach Party

1 I really like As Good as It Gets, A Bug's Life, Dogma, Patch Adams, Men in Black, American Beauty, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Juliette Lewis movie.	The Other Sister
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I prefer Dominic Sena movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kalifornia

1 Sense and Sensibility, The Hudsucker Proxy, Jerry Maguire, I.Q., The Wizard of Oz, Far from Heaven, and X-Men are films I love. I'm looking for an Edward Dmytryk movie.	Murder, My Sweet
2 What else is that about?	Edward Dmytryk
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crossfire

1 Die Hard 2, Die Hard, Duck Soup, Psycho, The Hunt for Red October, Braveheart, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer David O'Malley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Easy Wheels

1 The Wings of the Dove, Gods and Monsters, Coal Miner's Daughter, The Birds, A Room with a View, The Exorcist, and High Fidelity are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Blue Velvet
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Mystery, David Lynch, sexual, Dennis Hopper, lynch, Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I prefer dvd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ice Storm

1 I like Y Tu Mamá También, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Hotel Rwanda, Drive, Trading Places, Pan's Labyrinth, and Rushmore. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rounders
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl
3 I prefer Cameron Crowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jerry Maguire

1 I loved Up, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The Color Purple, The Sandlot, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Finding Neverland, and American History X. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Finding Forrester
2 What else is that about?	High School, Sean Connery, writing, Gus Van Sant, Michael Pitt, F. Murray Abraham
3 I like Peter Berg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Friday Night Lights

1 Groundhog Day, The Lives of Others, Pi, Sanjuro, Ghost in the Shell, Trainspotting, and Alien are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Kafka
2 What else is that about?	Steven Soderbergh, atmosphere, Jeremy Irons, Franz Kafka, kafkaesque
3 I like Clive Owen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gosford Park

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Blow, Memento, Taxi Driver, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Amélie, and Scent of a Woman are films I liked. I'm looking for a Federico Fellini movie.	Amarcord
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini

1 I love Alien, Pulp Fiction, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Do the Right Thing, The Thing, and The Incredibles. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Terminator
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I rate Gordon Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Thunderbolt

1 Barry Lyndon, The Shining, A Clockwork Orange, Full Metal Jacket, and Lolita are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Frenzy
2 What else is that about?	Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery of the Wax Museum

1 Les Misérables, Austin Powers in Goldmember, Ghostbusters II, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Spy Game, Memento, and Aladdin are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula 2000
2 What else is that about?	Gerard Butler, Omar Epps
3 I rate Clive Barker movies. Any other suggestions?	Rawhead Rex

1 I really like Lucky Number Slevin, Crash, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Ring, Drag Me to Hell, Corpse Bride, and Sleepy Hollow. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Dark Hours
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Fox
3 I prefer Robert Rodriguez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sin City

1 Dangerous Liaisons, A Streetcar Named Desire, Hoop Dreams, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Welcome to Sarajevo, Chinatown, and Heavenly Creatures are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Ashley Judd movie.	Ruby in Paradise
2 What else is that about?	Ashley Judd
3 I prefer Gerard Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Olympus Has Fallen

1 Tombstone, Disclosure, The Net, Outbreak, Losing Isaiah, True Lies, and The Santa Clause are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner
3 I rate Macaulay Culkin movies. Any other suggestions?	Party Monster

1 I really liked The Sound of Music, The Birdcage, Sirens, Pulp Fiction, Muriel's Wedding, Leaving Las Vegas, and The American President. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boxing Helena
2 Who does that star?	Julian Sands, Sherilyn Fenn
3 I like Brendan Fraser movies more. Do you know anything else?	With Honors

1 I really liked Rocky, Unforgiven, Best in Show, 50/50, Carnage, Breaking Away, and Seven Pounds. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	My Brilliant Career
2 Who is that directed by?	Gillian Armstrong
3 I like Greg McLean movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rogue

1 I loved The Nightmare Before Christmas, Get Shorty, The Remains of the Day, Batman Forever, Demolition Man, Braveheart, and The Candidate. I'm looking for a Tom Waits movie.	Short Cuts
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, los angeles, Julianne Moore, Tom Waits, Robert Altman, altman
3 I like Roberto Benigni movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tiger and the Snow

1 Children of Men, Gandhi, A Boy and His Dog, The Green Mile, The 39 Steps, Dead Poets Society, and Rosemary's Baby are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Ring
2 What else is that about?	curse, japanese horror, Hiroyuki Sanada
3 I like franchise movies more. Do you know anything else?	Final Destination 3

1 Bicentennial Man, The Wizard of Oz, Harold and Maude, An American in Paris, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Metropolis are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Frances McDormand movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I like Kate Beckinsale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Laurel Canyon

1 Dirty Harry, Midnight Cowboy, Shadow of a Doubt, The Grifters, Chinatown, The Dead Zone, and The Manchurian Candidate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Monica Bellucci movie.	The Apartment
2 What else is that about?	Monica Bellucci
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Brothers Grimm

1 I really like Apocalypse Now, Psycho, Blade Runner, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Taxi Driver, North by Northwest, and Animal House. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Battle of Algiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Gillo Pontecorvo
3 I rate Roberto Gavaldón movies. Any other suggestions?	Macario

1 The Blues Brothers, Clueless, Gattaca, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Shallow Grave, Highlander, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Booty Call
2 Who is that directed by?	Jeff Pollack
3 I rate David Butler movies. Any other suggestions?	Bright Eyes

1 12 Angry Men, Back to the Future Part II, The Incredibles, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Spirited Away, The Godfather, and Shrek are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, future, science fiction, Western, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, Lea Thompson, Mary Steenburgen
3 I prefer animated classic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Peter Pan

1 Evil Dead II, Clerks, Ronin, Requiem for a Dream, Chasing Amy, Patton, and The Ninth Gate are films I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Stuart Little
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Family, Michael J. Fox, Hugh Laurie, Rob Minkoff
3 I rate Ralph Bakshi movies. Any other suggestions?	American Pop

1 I love Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Witness, Superman, Repo Man, Young Frankenstein, Being John Malkovich, and True Romance. I'm looking for a Paul Thomas Anderson movie.	Hard Eight
2 What else is that about?	Samuel L. Jackson, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Paul Thomas Anderson, 1
3 I prefer Joaquin Phoenix movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Master

1 I really liked My Fair Lady, Gigi, Clueless, Circle of Friends, The Lion King, Evita, and The Mask of Zorro. I'm looking for a detective movie.	The Thin Man
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mystery, detective, W.S. Van Dyke, William Powell, Myrna Loy, nick and nora charles, Dashiell Hammett
3 I prefer Curtis Hanson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	L.A. Confidential

1 Alice in Wonderland, Toy Story, Babe, Mulan, The Jungle Book, Home Alone, and Ben-Hur are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Little Princess
2 What else is that about?	Shirley Temple, Walter Lang
3 I prefer Michael Curtiz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Four Daughters

1 Eraser, Innerspace, Beowulf, White Christmas, The Great Escape, Rain Man, and My Cousin Vinny are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, golf, hockey, Dennis Dugan
3 I rate John Goodman movies. Any other suggestions?	Trouble with the Curve

1 The Dark Knight Rises, Corpse Bride, Spider-Man 2, A Charlie Brown Christmas, A Christmas Story, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and Bridget Jones's Diary are movies I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, Heath Ledger, Anne Hathaway, Jake Gyllenhaal, Ang Lee, Michelle Williams
3 I rate Maggie Gyllenhaal movies. Any other suggestions?	Secretary

1 I loved Forrest Gump, Aladdin, Clueless, True Lies, Braveheart, Stargate, and Legends of the Fall. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	French Kiss
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan
3 I like Carl Reiner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Oh, God!

1 Empire of the Sun, Lost in Translation, Life Is Beautiful, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Diary of Anne Frank
2 Who is that directed by?	George Stevens
3 I like Neil Burger movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Illusionist

1 I liked Dial M for Murder, Alien, Splash, The Saint, Miracle on 34th Street, The Last Emperor, and Michael. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I prefer Benoît Poelvoorde movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man Bites Dog

1 Dazed and Confused, Glengarry Glen Ross, Singin' in the Rain, The Great Escape, Wings of Desire, It's a Wonderful Life, and Seven Samurai are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Virginia Woolf movie.	Orlando
2 What else is that about?	Tilda Swinton, Virginia Woolf
3 I prefer depression movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hours

1 I watched the films The Princess and the Frog, Falling Down, Despicable Me, Avatar, Scent of a Woman, The Game, and The Fifth Element and loved them. I'm looking for a Sam Rockwell movie.	Matchstick Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Nicolas Cage, Ridley Scott, Sam Rockwell, Alison Lohman
3 I like John Duigan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lawn Dogs

1 The Great Escape, Saving Private Ryan, Heat, Priest, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Brazil, and Apocalypse Now are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Westworld
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Michael Crichton, Yul Brynner, Richard Benjamin
3 I prefer Faye Dunaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Three Days of the Condor

1 The Rundown, A Few Good Men, Caddyshack, Gladiator, and Super Troopers are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Silverado
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Danny Glover, Scott Glenn, Kevin Kline
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pale Rider

1 Casino Royale, The Dark Knight, Election, The Last Emperor, The Color Purple, The Usual Suspects, and The King's Speech are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Chorus
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Music, French, france, teacher, choir
3 I prefer Ken Loach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wind That Shakes the Barley

1 The Wrong Trousers, The Thin Man, The Elephant Man, Alien, Forrest Gump, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Bullitt are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Little Big Man
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, native americans, revisionist western, Arthur Penn
3 I like André De Toth movies more. Do you know anything else?	Day of the Outlaw

1 Mumford, The Usual Suspects, The Insider, Singin' in the Rain, My Dog Skip, Pulp Fiction, and Diner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I prefer Hayao Miyazaki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wind Rises

1 I really liked The Green Mile, The Princess Bride, Goodfellas, The Sixth Sense, Stand by Me, Enemy of the State, and Stepmom. I'm looking for an Edward G. Robinson movie.	Soylent Green
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, science fiction, food, Charlton Heston, Richard Fleischer, overpopulation, Edward G. Robinson
3 I rate film noir movies. Any other suggestions?	The Woman in the Window

1 I really like The Birds, My Fair Lady, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Finding Nemo, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Dead Man Walking, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rebecca
2 Who does that star?	Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine, Judith Anderson
3 I rate Tom Skerritt movies. Any other suggestions?	Poison Ivy

1 Requiem for a Dream, Pan's Labyrinth, Stand by Me, Amélie, Inception, Alien, and Mulan are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Aliens
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer Deran Sarafian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Terminal Velocity

1 Rashomon, Waking Life, Schindler's List, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The King of Comedy, GoldenEye, and Citizen Kane are films I loved. I'm looking for a Humphrey Bogart movie.	Key Largo
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I like Howard Hawks movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Sleep

1 As Good as It Gets, Legends of the Fall, Saving Private Ryan, The Shawshank Redemption, Titanic, Murder in the First, and Good Will Hunting are films I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Duvall movie.	The Apostle
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Robert Duvall
3 I prefer Barry Levinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Natural

1 Cemetery Man, The Big Lebowski, There's Something About Mary, The Blair Witch Project, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Dawn of the Dead, and The Wedding Singer are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Miracle Mile
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Edwards, Mare Winningham
3 I rate Robert De Niro movies. Any other suggestions?	15 Minutes

1 Being John Malkovich, Primal Fear, Shakespeare in Love, North by Northwest, Pulp Fiction, The People vs. Larry Flynt, and L.A. Confidential are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dogma
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Matt Damon, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Alan Rickman, god, view askew, Salma Hayek, Angel, Chris Rock, Jason Mewes, angels, Janeane Garofalo, George Carlin, Linda Fiorentino
3 I prefer Danny Kaye movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knock on Wood

1 I watched the films Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, Braveheart, and Hoop Dreams and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I rate pennsylvania movies. Any other suggestions?	Groundhog Day

1 I like Jurassic Park, Speed, Braveheart, Fargo, The Last of the Mohicans, Beauty and the Beast, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Glenn Close movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer Elizabeth Banks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heights

1 Life Is Beautiful, Do the Right Thing, Cool Hand Luke, The Gold Rush, Strangers on a Train, Evil Dead II, and A Close Shave are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Sullivan's Travels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, satire, national film registry, Preston Sturges, Veronica Lake
3 I prefer David Lean movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Passage to India

1 Cradle Will Rock, The Rescuers, Boogie Nights, Sleeper, Manhattan, Immortal Beloved, and Toy Story are films I loved. I'm looking for an István Szabó movie.	Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	István Szabó
3 I rate r movies. Any other suggestions?	Being Julia

1 I love The Graduate, Parenthood, The Ice Storm, Traffic, Dog Day Afternoon, The Hustler, and Network. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Interiors
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Richard Jordan, Mary Beth Hurt, Kristin Griffith
3 I rate Rocco Siffredi movies. Any other suggestions?	Romance

1 Terms of Endearment, Fargo, Men Don't Leave, Raising Arizona, Body Heat, Manhattan, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Once Upon a Time in America
2 What else is that about?	Crime, friendship, organized crime, Robert De Niro, Sergio Leone, James Woods
3 I prefer serial killer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 I watched the films Forrest Gump, Glory, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Schindler's List, and Big Night and loved them. I'm looking for a Cameron Crowe movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Tom Cruise, renee zellweger, Cameron Crowe, agent
3 I rate Matt Dillon movies. Any other suggestions?	Singles

1 The Usual Suspects, Rain Man, Fight Club, Good Will Hunting, The Godfather, The Matrix, and The Dark Knight are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Italian Job
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I like Sam Peckinpah movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Getaway

1 I love Saving Private Ryan, Angel Heart, Clerks, The Usual Suspects, Jacob's Ladder, Bound, and Das Boot. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Replacement Killers
2 Who does that star?	Michael Rooker, Mira Sorvino, Kenneth Tsang
3 I prefer Alain Delon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Le Samouraï

1 I really like Rush Hour, The Lion King, Beverly Hills Cop, The Princess Bride, Saving Private Ryan, Aladdin, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Lewis Gilbert movie.	You Only Live Twice
2 What else is that about?	space, japan, james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Roald Dahl, Lewis Gilbert
3 I prefer Michael Caine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Educating Rita

1 Spider-Man, Jurassic Park, Monsters, Inc., We Were Soldiers, The Lost Boys, The Green Mile, and The Matrix are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cider House Rules
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Michael Caine, Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer David Frankel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Wears Prada

1 Mystery, Alaska, Color of Night, Cast Away, Gattaca, The Big Heat, Independence Day, and Jurassic Park III are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Wuthering Heights
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, William Wyler
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Year of Living Dangerously

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Back to the Future, The Full Monty, The Doors, Toy Story, and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	For Love of the Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I rate Gavin O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	Miracle

1 The Princess Bride, Punch-Drunk Love, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Ran, Catch Me If You Can, Frozen, and Billy Elliot are movies I like. I'm looking for a gangster movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I like James Cagney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Angels with Dirty Faces

1 I liked Taxi Driver, Never Cry Wolf, Chinatown, Once Upon a Time in America, The Exorcist, Waiting for Guffman, and Traffic. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	George Hickenlooper
3 I like Buster Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cops

1 Pretty Woman, The Man in the Iron Mask, October Sky, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Father of the Bride, Runaway Jury, and Green Card are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Sister Act
2 What else is that about?	Whoopi Goldberg, Maggie Smith, convent
3 I prefer Paris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paris Blues

1 The Shawshank Redemption and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Inception
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I rate Rod Lurie movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Castle

1 Spy Game, Spirited Away, To Kill a Mockingbird, Doctor Zhivago, Key Largo, The African Queen, and Blade Runner are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Ben Sharpsteen movie.	Fantasia
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, disney animated feature, classical music, classical, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Pinocchio

1 Apollo 13, Being There, Jumanji, Dirty Dancing, Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and The Crying Game are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Muppet Treasure Island
2 Who does that star?	Billy Connolly, Tim Curry, Jennifer Saunders, Kevin Bishop
3 I prefer Jet Li movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Time in China and America

1 Being There, Raging Bull, The Sting, Cool Hand Luke, A Beautiful Mind, Black Hawk Down, and Almost Famous are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	All the President's Men
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford, book, Alan J. Pakula, Nixon, watergate, deep throat
3 I rate spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Duel

1 I love Forrest Gump, Independence Day, Bad Boys, Leaving Las Vegas, Dangerous Minds, Demolition Man, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I rate Martin Brest movies. Any other suggestions?	Midnight Run

1 I loved Sling Blade, American Beauty, The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Memento, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Erin Brockovich
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer Peter Collinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Earthling

1 The Bourne Supremacy, The Hustler, It's a Wonderful Life, Hamlet, Boys Don't Cry, Full Metal Jacket, and The Blair Witch Project are movies I like. I'm looking for a colombia movie.	Maria Full of Grace
2 What else is that about?	colombia

1 Despicable Me 2, The Sound of Music, Edward Scissorhands, Big Fish, Scent of a Woman, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Sleeping Beauty are films I loved. I'm looking for a main character movie.	Despicable Me
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Steve Carell, 3d, Jason Segel, Moon, minions, Chris Renaud, main character

1 I loved Arachnophobia, The Abyss, American Beauty, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for an Adam Sandler movie.	Big Daddy
2 What else is that about?	Adam Sandler, Dennis Dugan
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grown Ups 2

1 I really like Men in Black, Repo Man, Chinatown, The Apartment, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Godfather, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate fairy tale movies. Any other suggestions?	Cinderella

1 Boys Don't Cry, Dolores Claiborne, Spider-Man, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Romancing the Stone, Gattaca, and Steel Magnolias are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Entrapment
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery
3 I prefer Roger Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live and Let Die

1 Apollo 13, Schindler's List, Braveheart, The Firm, Rudy, The Fugitive, and Crimson Tide are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Family, 70mm, library, national film registry, children, Julie Andrews, best picture, Christopher Plummer, austria, Robert Wise
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beethoven

1 I really like Get Shorty, GoldenEye, Pulp Fiction, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Sense and Sensibility, Much Ado About Nothing, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I prefer Drew Barrymore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial

1 I love North by Northwest, Grosse Pointe Blank, Monsters, Inc., The Ladykillers, Blue Velvet, The French Connection, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I like Linda Larkin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aladdin

1 I liked Trainspotting, Aliens, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Shooter, Reservoir Dogs, Bad Boys, and The Boondock Saints. I'm looking for a Radha Mitchell movie.	Man on Fire
2 What else is that about?	Action, Revenge, r, Denzel Washington, Christopher Walken, mexico, Dakota Fanning, Tony Scott, Radha Mitchell, bodyguard
3 I prefer Lisa Cholodenko movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Art

1 Dead Man Walking, The Relic, The Craft, Marvin's Room, The Preacher's Wife, Of Love and Shadows, and The Cable Guy are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Matilda
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, children, Danny DeVito, Roald Dahl, Embeth Davidtz
3 I rate money movies. Any other suggestions?	It's a Wonderful Life

1 Singin' in the Rain, The American President, The Sound of Music, Babe, Schindler's List, Titanic, and Fly Away Home are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I like stutter movies more. Do you know anything else?	The King's Speech

1 Pulp Fiction, The King's Speech, The Others, Ender's Game, Shallow Grave, The Social Network, and Rain Man are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Marisa Tomei, Albert Finney
3 I prefer Sean Penn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	State of Grace

1 I love Rain Man, Breaker Morant, The Birds, Dead Man Walking, Groundhog Day, Forrest Gump, and Arsenic and Old Lace. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Marnie
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Alfred Hitchcock, Sean Connery, Hitchcock, psychological thriller, bernard herrmann, Tippi Hedren
3 I rate Anton Corbijn movies. Any other suggestions?	A Most Wanted Man

1 I liked Shrek, Dangerous Liaisons, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Beauty and the Beast, The Lion King, And the Band Played On, and Eight Men Out. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	The Sweet Hereafter
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan

1 The Mummy, Hackers, Batman Begins, Toy Story 2, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Die Hard, and The Rock are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Scream
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Craven
3 I prefer Bob Swaim movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Masquerade

1 Catch Me If You Can, The Living Daylights, Braveheart, The Mask of Zorro, The Mummy Returns, Copycat, and Apollo 13 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Vertical Limit
2 What else is that about?	Action
3 I rate Jay Baruchel movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Train Your Dragon 2

1 Gran Torino, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Fighter, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Inglourious Basterds, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Amélie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Johnny Knoxville movie.	Jackass Number Two
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Chris Pontius
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Men in Black II

1 Dazed and Confused, Brazil, Barcelona, A Christmas Story, Spartacus, Flirting with Disaster, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	Scandal
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I rate jewish movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pianist

1 Memento, Casablanca, The Blues Brothers, 12 Angry Men, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and City of God are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I rate Jon Amiel movies. Any other suggestions?	Entrapment

1 Malcolm X, Independence Day, Blazing Saddles, Aliens, The Red Violin, Good Will Hunting, and Bad Boys are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	Meet the Parents
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Blythe Danner, Teri Polo
3 I rate Eddie Murphy movies. Any other suggestions?	I Spy

1 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Blow, The Godfather, Malcolm X, Casablanca, and Primal Fear are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boys Don't Cry
2 What else is that about?	Drama, gay, rape, Hilary Swank, Peter Sarsgaard
3 I like Russell Crowe movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Beautiful Mind

1 I really liked The Producers, Arsenic and Old Lace, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Manchurian Candidate, Witness, The Wizard of Oz, and Being There. I'm looking for a Carol Reed movie.	Mutiny on the Bounty
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Marlon Brando, Carol Reed, Lewis Milestone, Trevor Howard, ultra panavision 70
3 I rate 1 movies. Any other suggestions?	The Agony and the Ecstasy

1 Goodfellas, Field of Dreams, The Right Stuff, The Sixth Sense, The Game, The Insider, and Elizabeth are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Flamingo Kid
2 Who does that star?	Matt Dillon, Hector Elizondo
3 I rate Michael McKean movies. Any other suggestions?	Young Doctors in Love

1 The Green Mile, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, The Shining, Casino, A Christmas Story, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Bill Paxton movie.	Tombstone
2 Who is that directed by?	George P. Cosmatos, Kevin Jarre
3 I like James Cameron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aliens

1 I really like The Shining, The Fifth Element, A Clockwork Orange, Space Jam, Evolution, Howl's Moving Castle, and Almost Famous. I'm looking for a Timothy Dalton movie.	Flash Gordon
2 What else is that about?	Camp, Timothy Dalton, Max von Sydow, comic strip
3 I rate superhero movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rocketeer

1 Braveheart, Army of Darkness, Titanic, and Dazed and Confused are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon
3 I rate Eli Wallach movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Steal a Million

1 Alien, Napoleon Dynamite, Aliens, Best in Show, Blade Runner, Dark City, and The Godfather are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	House of Cards
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones
3 I rate Jean Negulesco movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Strangers

1 I really like The Iron Giant, The Longest Day, Cinema Paradiso, Pecker, Annie Hall, Buena Vista Social Club, and Alien. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Animal House
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I like Ron Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gung Ho

1 Amélie, The Big Lebowski, The Name of the Rose, The Cabin in the Woods, Shrek, The Game, and Fight Club are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Keith David movie.	They Live
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Aliens, satirical, John Carpenter, Keith David
3 I like disney movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Princess and the Frog

1 American Pie 2, The Outlaw Josey Wales, V for Vendetta, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Hunt for Red October, The Terminator, and Gattaca are movies I like. I'm looking for a 2015 movie.	Back to the Future Part II
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis

1 Dead Man Walking, Shakespeare in Love, Rent, Amélie, Death and the Maiden, The Usual Suspects, and A Close Shave are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Little Shop of Horrors
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Roger Corman
3 I rate Jack Black movies. Any other suggestions?	Gulliver's Travels

1 I liked The Matrix, Fargo, The Patriot, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	The Bone Collector
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Denzel Washington, Angelina Jolie, detective, Phillip Noyce
3 I prefer best picture movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Annie Hall

1 An Ideal Husband, Rear Window, Contact, Strictly Ballroom, Moonstruck, Shadowlands, and Much Ado About Nothing are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What About Bob?
2 Who does that star?	Bill Murray, Richard Dreyfuss
3 I prefer Ricki Lake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Serial Mom

1 I watched the films The Red Violin and Blade Runner and loved them. I'm looking for a swan lake movie.	Black Swan
2 What else is that about?	dark, Horror, Thriller, psychological, r, new york city, Natalie Portman, dance, Mila Kunis, ballet, Darren Aronofsky, psychological thriller, Vincent Cassel, swan lake
3 I prefer Animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Swan Princess

1 Rear Window, The Princess Bride, The Dark Knight, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Morgan Freeman, dvd, acting, Prison, Stephen King, vhs, redemption, Tim Robbins, warm, Frank Darabont, Rita Hayworth
3 I like Liam Neeson movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Walk Among the Tombstones

1 The Departed and The Usual Suspects are films I like. I'm looking for a Hugo Weaving movie.	The Matrix
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Hugo Weaving, Laurence Fishburne
3 I like Terence Stamp movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Wings of Desire, The Straight Story, Traffic, Laura, Welcome to the Dollhouse, and Requiem for a Dream are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Pope of Greenwich Village
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I prefer Harold Becker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Onion Field

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, The Grifters, North by Northwest, Midnight Cowboy, The Blues Brothers, Manhattan, and House of Games and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Richard III
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Ian McKellen, Annette Bening, Jim Broadbent
3 I prefer Jon Favreau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swingers

1 Groundhog Day, Airplane!, The Blues Brothers, A Clockwork Orange, Donnie Darko, Lost in Translation, and Office Space are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Anne Hathaway movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 Who does that star?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Heath Ledger, Randy Quaid
3 I prefer Anne Hathaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Day

1 Pulp Fiction, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wizard of Oz, The Godfather, North by Northwest, The Silence of the Lambs, and Manhattan are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Notorious
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, espionage, Alfred Hitchcock, spy, Hitchcock, Cary Grant, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend

1 I really liked How to Train Your Dragon, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Star Trek, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Les Misérables
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried
3 I like David Morse movies more. Do you know anything else?	Proof of Life

1 Mulholland Falls, Unforgettable, Patton, Outbreak, The Towering Inferno, Desperado, and Crimson Tide are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Scream 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Craven
3 I rate Ivan Sen movies. Any other suggestions?	Mystery Road

1 Clerks, The Wrong Trousers, Donnie Brasco, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Breakfast Club, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Panther
2 Who is that directed by?	Mario Van Peebles

1 Patriot Games, Return to Me, An Officer and a Gentleman, Chariots of Fire, Shrek, Shakespeare in Love, and An American in Paris are movies I love. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	Music of the Heart
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Angela Bassett
3 I like oscar nom movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Iron Lady

1 Tombstone, American History X, True Romance, The Big Lebowski, Friday, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Princess Bride are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Office Space
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Judge
3 I like Josh Appignanesi movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Infidel

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Forget Paris, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Beauty and the Beast, Serial Mom, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Don Juan DeMarco are movies I liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain
2 What else is that about?	british
3 I rate Michael Powell movies. Any other suggestions?	Peeping Tom

1 The Last Picture Show, The Celebration, Goodfellas, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Priest, My Own Private Idaho, and Six Degrees of Separation are movies I love. I'm looking for an altman movie.	Short Cuts
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, los angeles, Julianne Moore, Tom Waits, Robert Altman, altman
3 I like Helen Mirren movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gosford Park

1 The Firm, Quiz Show, Ed Wood, Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, Muriel's Wedding, and Clear and Present Danger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	In the Line of Fire
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, John Malkovich, Dylan McDermott, Rene Russo
3 I like Josh Lucas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Poseidon

1 Toy Story, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, and Little Miss Sunshine are films I loved. I'm looking for an ironic movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta

1 I really liked The Lady Vanishes, The Last Picture Show, Fanny and Alexander, Sanjuro, Rosemary's Baby, Manhattan, and Zodiac. I'm looking for an Abbas Kiarostami movie.	Certified Copy
2 Who does that star?	Juliette Binoche, William Shimell
3 I prefer Mania Akbari movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ten

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Citizen Kane, Reservoir Dogs, The Graduate, The Shining, Bound, and Aliens are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I like Ridley Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hannibal

1 I liked Wrongfully Accused, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Evolution, Rat Race, Happy Gilmore, Die Hard 2, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Carla Gugino, James Wong
3 I rate Ken Watanabe movies. Any other suggestions?	Inception

1 I like Gone with the Wind, The Godfather, Coyote Ugly, When Harry Met Sally..., Mutiny on the Bounty, Longtime Companion, and Reality Bites. I'm looking for a Robert Benton movie.	Places in the Heart
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Sally Field, Amy Madigan, Lindsay Crouse
3 I like Nicole Kidman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Billy Bathgate

1 I really liked Touch of Evil, Die Hard, Saving Private Ryan, The Maltese Falcon, L.A. Confidential, The Third Man, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Jane Fonda movie.	Klute
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Donald Sutherland, Jane Fonda, Alan J. Pakula
3 I rate Sydney Pollack movies. Any other suggestions?	They Shoot Horses, Don't They?

1 I really liked Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Shining, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Godfather, His Girl Friday, Casablanca, and Some Like It Hot. I'm looking for a Walter Matthau movie.	The Fortune Cookie
2 What else is that about?	Billy Wilder, Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau
3 I prefer Nicholas Ray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bigger Than Life

1 Groundhog Day, Bowfinger, Badlands, Annie Hall, Real Life, Taxi Driver, and Dirty Rotten Scoundrels are films I really like. I'm looking for a political thriller movie.	Z
2 Who does that star?	Yves Montand, Irene Papas, Jacques Perrin
3 I prefer John Goodman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Argo

1 Scream, Back to the Future Part II, Clue, Seven Samurai, There's Something About Mary, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Idle Hands are films I love. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Pitch Black
2 What else is that about?	Action, space, science fiction, anti-hero, Vin Diesel, Alien, Riddick, David Twohy, Cole Hauser
3 I prefer Charlize Theron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Æon Flux

1 I loved Crimson Tide, The Bourne Ultimatum, Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, The Avengers, Kick-Ass, and Slumdog Millionaire. I'm looking for a marvel movie.	Spider-Man 2
2 What else is that about?	superhero, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, octopus
3 I like get movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fantastic Four

1 Get Shorty, In the Line of Fire, Leaving Las Vegas, Babe, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, and Tombstone are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Rob Roy
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, John Hurt, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer Saeed Jaffrey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Would Be King

1 The Third Man, Taxi Driver, Pulp Fiction, Being John Malkovich, The Godfather, A Close Shave, and Some Like It Hot are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor
3 I rate Walter Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	Hard Times

1 I really like Seven Samurai, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Man Who Fell to Earth, Microcosmos, Time Bandits, and Blue Velvet. I'm looking for a portland movie.	Zero Effect
2 What else is that about?	Ben Stiller, private detective, Bill Pullman, portland, Jake Kasdan

1 Quiz Show, The Fugitive, Nixon, Heat, Natural Born Killers, Home Alone, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a demme movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I rate mafia movies. Any other suggestions?	Married to the Mob

1 Out of Sight, Aliens, Down by Law, Touch of Evil, Fargo, Raising Arizona, and Rear Window are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tommy Chong movie.	Up in Smoke
2 Who does that star?	Cheech Marin, Strother Martin, Tommy Chong, Edie Adams

1 I like Field of Dreams, The Wizard of Oz, The Hustler, Chinatown, Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Spencer Tracy movie.	Inherit the Wind
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Spencer Tracy, Stanley Kramer
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo

1 The Joy Luck Club, The Fisher King, Chocolat, Dances with Wolves, Auntie Mame, Gone with the Wind, and Bowfinger are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Newman
3 I rate Robert Rossen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hustler

1 Brokeback Mountain, I Love You, Man, 50/50, Good Will Hunting, American Psycho, Outsourced, and Fight Club are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kuch Kuch Hota Hai
2 Who does that star?	Rani Mukerji, Kajol
3 I like William Petersen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cousins

1 Casablanca, Midnight Run, The Natural, Psycho, The Silence of the Lambs, Ghostbusters, and The Right Stuff are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	King Kong
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges, Jessica Lange, Charles Grodin
3 I rate Dick Powell movies. Any other suggestions?	It Happened Tomorrow

1 Pulp Fiction, Groundhog Day, Thirteen Days, American Beauty, Mars Attacks!, Tank Girl, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I loved. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Moonraker
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Gilbert
3 I prefer Lee Tamahori movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Die Another Day

1 I love Dances with Wolves, Titanic, Bulworth, American Beauty, Once Upon a Time in America, Schindler's List, and Conspiracy Theory. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	The People vs. Larry Flynt
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Edward Norton, Woody Harrelson, biographical, Courtney Love
3 I rate Richard Attenborough movies. Any other suggestions?	Chaplin

1 Manhattan, The Thin Blue Line, Run Lola Run, A Room with a View, An American in Paris, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Last Picture Show are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Hugh Grant movie.	Maurice
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory
3 I like Sharon Maguire movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bridget Jones's Diary

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, The Producers, Local Hero, Seven Beauties, Lawrence of Arabia, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Manhattan and loved them. I'm looking for a nicholson movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I rate psychological horror movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shining

1 I liked Battlefield Earth, Total Recall, Forrest Gump, Back to the Future, Batman Begins, Pulp Fiction, and Taken. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Quantum of Solace
2 Who is that directed by?	Marc Forster
3 I rate Ridley Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Prometheus

1 The Matrix, Groundhog Day, The Shawshank Redemption, Bad Santa, Alien, Million Dollar Baby, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Police Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Jackie Chan
3 I rate Joseph Kahn movies. Any other suggestions?	Torque

1 I watched the films Captain Blood, A Christmas Story, Reservoir Dogs, Training Day, The Usual Suspects, Memento, and Galaxy Quest and loved them. I'm looking for a Joseph Conrad movie.	The Duellists
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Francis Ford Coppola movies. Any other suggestions?	Apocalypse Now

1 I watched the films The Grand Budapest Hotel, Avatar, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Lucky Number Slevin, and Fracture and loved them. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	Unthinkable
2 What else is that about?	Samuel L. Jackson, torture, Gregor Jordan
3 I like Cormac McCarthy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sunset Limited

1 I love Phenomenon, Happy Gilmore, Grumpier Old Men, Executive Decision, Down Periscope, Kingpin, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Two If by Sea
2 What else is that about?	Sandra Bullock
3 I rate altman movies. Any other suggestions?	MASH

1 The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Beauty and the Beast, Braveheart, and Outbreak are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Patrick Swayze movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I prefer Maggie Smith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Keeping Mum

1 I really like What a Girl Wants, The Phantom of the Opera, 27 Dresses, Up, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, Avatar, and Confessions of a Shopaholic. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Maid in Manhattan
2 Who is that directed by?	Wayne Wang
3 I prefer Blake Edwards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Operation Petticoat

1 I really like The Lion King, The Fall, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Usual Suspects, Memento, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and The Insider. I'm looking for a Robert Aldrich movie.	The Frisco Kid
2 What else is that about?	Robert Aldrich
3 I like James Stewart movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Flight of the Phoenix

1 I watched the films Braveheart, Rocky, The Green Mile, Saving Private Ryan, Rocky IV, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and My Fair Lady and loved them. I'm looking for a College movie.	The Program
2 Who is that directed by?	David S. Ward
3 I like William Friedkin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Chips

1 Back to the Future, The Matrix, A Fish Called Wanda, Dogma, Death Becomes Her, The Fifth Element, and Ghost Town are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Big Stan
2 Who does that star?	Rob Schneider, Jennifer Morrison, David Carradine, Scott Wilson
3 I rate Paul McCartney movies. Any other suggestions?	A Hard Day's Night

1 Dolores Claiborne, The Piano, Dangerous Minds, Braveheart, Crimson Tide, Sleepers, and While You Were Sleeping are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Bill Paxton movie.	Tombstone
2 What else is that about?	r, acting, Western, Val Kilmer, Kurt Russell, gunfight, Bill Paxton, Arizona, Michael Biehn, George P. Cosmatos, outlaws, Sam Elliott, west
3 I like golf movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Greatest Game Ever Played

1 Chinatown, La Strada, Beauty and the Beast, Lost in Translation, Taxi Driver, Contempt, and The Philadelphia Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Journeys with George
2 What else is that about?	Alexandra Pelosi
3 I rate Documentary movies. Any other suggestions?	Love Meetings

1 Braveheart, Tombstone, Babe, Toy Story, Dances with Wolves, The Lion King, and Taxi Driver are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sylvester Stallone movie.	The Specialist
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Sharon Stone
3 I rate Richard Crenna movies. Any other suggestions?	First Blood

1 The Green Mile, Bean, Memento, Groundhog Day, The Truman Show, The Fifth Element, and Edward Scissorhands are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Leslie Nielsen movie.	Wrongfully Accused
2 Who is that directed by?	Pat Proft
3 I prefer David Zucker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airplane!

1 Citizen Kane, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Shining, Waiting for Guffman, The Graduate, And Now for Something Completely Different, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I really liked. I'm looking for a concert movie.	Stop Making Sense
2 What else is that about?	hollywood, Jonathan Demme, concert

1 Princess Mononoke, The City of Lost Children, Howl's Moving Castle, Reservoir Dogs, Coraline, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Back to the Future are movies I love. I'm looking for an animated movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 Who is that directed by?	Ralph Bakshi
3 I like Tim Burton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Corpse Bride

1 I liked The Maltese Falcon, Citizen Kane, Forbidden Planet, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Shadow of a Doubt, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a War movie.	Paths of Glory
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas
3 I like Eiji Funakoshi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fires on the Plain

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Trainspotting, Natural Born Killers, Good Will Hunting, Election, Saving Private Ryan, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Falling Down
2 What else is that about?	violence, Michael Douglas, Robert Duvall, Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rise of the Footsoldier

1 Serpico, Glengarry Glen Ross, American Splendor, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, The City of Lost Children, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	Tampopo
2 What else is that about?	Japanese, Ken Watanabe, ramen, juzo itami
3 I rate cinematography movies. Any other suggestions?	Memoirs of a Geisha

1 I loved Dead Man Walking, Toy Story, Sgt. Bilko, Happy Gilmore, Leaving Las Vegas, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Ransom
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Rene Russo, Gary Sinise
3 I rate Tom Hardy movies. Any other suggestions?	Lawless

1 Gladiator, Akira, The Sting, Clear and Present Danger, Jaws, The Princess Bride, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jennifer Connelly movie.	The Rocketeer
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Connelly, Alan Arkin, Timothy Dalton, Billy Campbell
3 I prefer Crispin Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	9

1 I really like Life Is Beautiful, Fallen, Sin City, Hitch, Enemy at the Gates, The Hunt for Red October, and American History X. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ice Age
2 Who does that star?	John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Ray Romano
3 I like Julianne Nicholson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brief Interviews with Hideous Men

1 Rob Roy, Shine, Casino, In the Name of the Father, Schindler's List, The Producers, and The Right Stuff are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Take the Money and Run
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, mockumentary
3 I prefer Gary Oldman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nobody's Baby

1 I really like Willow, The Lion King, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Dances with Wolves, The Philadelphia Story, Ben-Hur, and On the Waterfront. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Ron Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dilemma

1 I loved Ghost, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, Speed, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I like Roy Del Ruth movies more. Do you know anything else?	It Happened on Fifth Avenue

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Apollo 13, Toy Story 2, Spaceballs, Monsters, Inc., Sneakers, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Jason Statham, Jet Li, Carla Gugino, James Wong
3 I rate Andrzej Bartkowiak movies. Any other suggestions?	Romeo Must Die

1 A Fish Called Wanda, The Usual Suspects, Big, Trading Places, Fargo, A Bronx Tale, and Midnight Run are films I like. I'm looking for a violence movie.	American History X
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Kaye
3 I prefer Damián Szifrón movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wild Tales

1 I really like Annie Hall, Reservoir Dogs, Volver, Blue Velvet, Eyes Wide Shut, Drowning by Numbers, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Prospero's Books
2 Who does that star?	John Gielgud
3 I like Ian Hunter movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Midsummer Night's Dream

1 The Exorcist, Scream 3, Dogma, Primal Fear, The Seven Year Itch, Outside Providence, and The Talented Mr. Ripley are films I love. I'm looking for a James Earl Jones movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I like Alec Baldwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hunt for Red October

1 Groundhog Day, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Princess Mononoke, Pulp Fiction, Life Is Beautiful, When Harry Met Sally..., and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Bowling for Columbine
2 Who does that star?	Michael Moore
3 I rate Hank Azaria movies. Any other suggestions?	Chicago 10

1 Galaxy Quest, Dead Poets Society, The Score, The Shawshank Redemption, Planet of the Apes, Airplane!, and Boogie Nights are movies I love. I'm looking for a space movie.	Forbidden Planet
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred M. Wilcox
3 I like James Isaac movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jason X

1 Batman, Starship Troopers, Saving Private Ryan, The Terminator, Braveheart, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Rock are movies I love. I'm looking for a Brian Helgeland movie.	Payback
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Maria Bello, Gregg Henry, David Paymer
3 I like Nicole Beharie movies more. Do you know anything else?	42

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Casablanca, Lawrence of Arabia, Singin' in the Rain, Apollo 13, It's a Wonderful Life, and Saving Private Ryan are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I prefer Terrence Malick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	To the Wonder

1 The Iron Giant, Aladdin, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Moulin Rouge!, The Indian in the Cupboard, Braveheart, and The Lost Boys are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Moll Flanders
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Robin Wright
3 I rate Jack Nicholson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bucket List

1 I liked Donnie Darko, GoldenEye, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Minority Report, The Sixth Sense, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Addams Family Values. I'm looking for an Angelina Jolie movie.	Gia
2 What else is that about?	Angelina Jolie, Faye Dunaway
3 I like Robert De Niro movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Good Shepherd

1 Delicatessen, Howl's Moving Castle, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Jungle Book, Dances with Wolves, Amélie, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Once Upon a Time in America
2 What else is that about?	Crime, friendship, organized crime, Robert De Niro, Sergio Leone, James Woods
3 I like Andy Lau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rich and Famous

1 I watched the films The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Commitments, Bambi, Pleasantville, The NeverEnding Story, American Beauty, and Chicken Run and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 What else is that about?	High School, ensemble cast, teen, Ben Affleck, Milla Jovovich, Matthew McConaughey, Richard Linklater
3 I rate Michael Jai White movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Dynamite

1 Forrest Gump, Caddyshack, Apocalypse Now, Memento, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, and The Shining are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I like Adrian Lyne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jacob's Ladder

1 The Anniversary Party, Buffalo '66, The War Zone, American Beauty, North by Northwest, The Lives of Others, and Boys Don't Cry are films I really like. I'm looking for a transgender movie.	Transamerica
2 What else is that about?	Road Trip, transgender, gender
3 I rate rock movies. Any other suggestions?	Hedwig and the Angry Inch

1 I watched the films While You Were Sleeping, With Honors, The Usual Suspects, Smoke, The Rock, Apollo 13, and Clear and Present Danger and loved them. I'm looking for a Submarine movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I like James Cameron movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Abyss

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Philadelphia, Aladdin, Outbreak, Free Willy, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Apollo 13 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I like Taylor Swift movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Giver

1 Big, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Fifth Element, The Goonies, Jurassic Park, Back to the Future Part III, and Total Recall are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Hook
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Steven Spielberg, Robin Williams, children, spielberg, Dustin Hoffman, Julia Roberts, Peter Pan, Maggie Smith, Bob Hoskins
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Seventh Son

1 X-Men, Apocalypse Now, Die Hard 2, It Happened One Night, Good Will Hunting, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Hugh Hudson movie.	Chariots of Fire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, historical, olympics, vangelis, Hugh Hudson
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Chariots of Fire

1 I loved Bad Boys, Twister, Exit to Eden, The Crow, Outbreak, GoldenEye, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Species
2 What else is that about?	Alien, Ben Kingsley, Roger Donaldson
3 I like remake movies more. Do you know anything else?	It's Alive

1 I loved The Rock, Jurassic Park, I.Q., Drop Zone, Speed, The Lion King, and In the Line of Fire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Son in Law
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I prefer saturday night live movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	MacGruber

1 I loved Four Weddings and a Funeral and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Sally Field movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I like Beau Bridges movies more. Do you know anything else?	Norma Rae

1 Lethal Weapon, The Great Escape, Fallen, Good Will Hunting, The Shawshank Redemption, Armageddon, and Blade Runner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	Fletch
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, Michael Ritchie
3 I like Randy Quaid movies more. Do you know anything else?	National Lampoon's Vacation

1 The Fugitive, Copycat, Fiddler on the Roof, Primal Fear, The Game, Witness, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I like amnesia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mulholland Drive

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, A Simple Plan, Fargo, Chariots of Fire, MASH, Rear Window, and Witness are films I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	The Man Who Would Be King
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer, Sean Connery, Saeed Jaffrey
3 I prefer Christian Bale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Batman Begins

1 I like The Silence of the Lambs, Blade Runner, Alien, Scarface, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Last Emperor, and Chinatown. I'm looking for a David Cronenberg movie.	Videodrome
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg

1 Spirited Away, The King's Speech, The Brave Little Toaster, White Christmas, The Sound of Music, Beauty and the Beast, and Aladdin are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, business, Broadway, David Swift
3 I rate Blake Edwards movies. Any other suggestions?	Victor Victoria

1 Shutter Island, The Social Network, Alien, Independence Day, American Psycho, Hard Candy, and The Game are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Tyrannosaur
2 Who does that star?	Peter Mullan
3 I like Rainn Wilson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hesher

1 Taxi Driver and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a media movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Truman Show

1 To Catch a Thief, The Philadelphia Story, Strangers on a Train, The Quiet Man, Toy Story 2, The Wizard of Oz, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Funny Face
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Hepburn, Fred Astaire, Kay Thompson
3 I prefer Jane Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gentlemen Prefer Blondes

1 I watched the films The Tie That Binds, Happy Gilmore, Lord of Illusions, Waterworld, Apollo 13, Village of the Damned, and Hackers and loved them. I'm looking for a John Schlesinger movie.	Eye for an Eye
2 Who is that directed by?	John Schlesinger

1 I liked Batman Begins, Forrest Gump, The Boondock Saints, V for Vendetta, Scarface, The Pursuit of Happyness, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	300
2 Who does that star?	Gerard Butler, Lena Headey, David Wenham
3 I rate Ian Holm movies. Any other suggestions?	Brazil

1 The King's Speech, Captain Phillips, The Pursuit of Happyness, Because of Winn-Dixie, Schindler's List, The Hunger Games, and The Great Escape are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Help
2 What else is that about?	racism, 1960s, Emma Stone, Jessica Chastain, mississippi, Bryce Dallas Howard, Viola Davis, maid, Octavia Spencer
3 I prefer television movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vizontele

1 The Matrix, Alien, Aliens, Schindler's List, Predator, Taxi Driver, and Blade Runner are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Pan's Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Drama, War, r, fairy tale, cgi, civil war, mythology, dark fantasy, Guillermo del Toro, Spanish, spain, fairy tales, spanish civil war, Life, stepfather, faun
3 I rate 3d movies. Any other suggestions?	Clash of the Titans

1 North by Northwest, On the Waterfront, Raising Arizona, Papillon, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Some Like It Hot, and Do the Right Thing are films I like. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Vanishing
2 Who is that directed by?	George Sluizer
3 I like Henry Koster movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Man Godfrey

1 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Earth Girls Are Easy, Dirty Dancing, Face/Off, Forrest Gump, The Thirteenth Floor, and My Big Fat Greek Wedding are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Italian Job
2 What else is that about?	Action, remake, Edward Norton, Heist, Jason Statham, Mark Wahlberg, Charlize Theron, Italian, Donald Sutherland, venice, Seth Green, Gold, F. Gary Gray
3 I rate Kiefer Sutherland movies. Any other suggestions?	Flashback

1 October Sky, Kiss the Girls, The Lion King, Field of Dreams, Buffalo '66, Schindler's List, and The Great Santini are films I really like. I'm looking for a Lewis Milestone movie.	The Strange Love of Martha Ivers
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas, Barbara Stanwyck, Van Heflin, Lizabeth Scott
3 I rate Peter Lawford movies. Any other suggestions?	Ocean's 11

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Player, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Forrest Gump, Groundhog Day, Clueless, and There's Something About Mary are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Airplane!
2 Who is that directed by?	David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, Jim Abrahams
3 I prefer Amy Heckerling movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Clueless

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Before Sunrise, Richard III, The Sound of Music, Pulp Fiction, Sense and Sensibility, and Clerks are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Six Degrees of Separation
2 What else is that about?	Stockard Channing
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sweeney

1 Chinatown, North by Northwest, Platoon, Goodfellas, Eat Drink Man Woman, Rear Window, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I prefer Gillies MacKinnon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trojan Eddie

1 The Thirteenth Floor, Gattaca, Schindler's List, The Matrix, Independence Day, Aliens, and Deep Impact are movies I liked. I'm looking for a futuristic movie.	Sleeper
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Woody Allen
3 I rate Mad Max movies. Any other suggestions?	Doomsday

1 One Fine Day, Independence Day, Jurassic Park, The Rock, Twister, Sense and Sensibility, and Dangerous Minds are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Barbra Streisand movie.	The Mirror Has Two Faces
2 What else is that about?	Barbra Streisand
3 I prefer Broadway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Funny Girl

1 I love Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Army of Darkness, Young Frankenstein, Mildred Pierce, Do the Right Thing, Annie Hall, and Far from Heaven. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Igby Goes Down
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Goldblum, Claire Danes, Kieran Culkin, Jared Harris
3 I prefer Colin Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lucky

1 I watched the films Assassins, Barb Wire, Dangerous Minds, The Firm, Natural Born Killers, Last Man Standing, and The Specialist and loved them. I'm looking for a courage movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick

1 I really like Lethal Weapon 3, Henry V, The Jungle Book, The King and I, Toy Story, Pinocchio, and Psycho. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Color Purple
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Michael Winterbottom movies. Any other suggestions?	Trishna

1 Back to the Future, Pan's Labyrinth, Brave, The Princess Bride, The Dark Knight Rises, A Christmas Story, and Memento are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Edge of Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, future, Tom Cruise, time loop, Emily Blunt, Doug Liman
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rambo

1 I watched the films Ransom, Get on the Bus, Stealing Beauty, Multiplicity, Romeo + Juliet, The Associate, and The Juror and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Man of the Year
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, president, Barry Levinson, Laura Linney
3 I like Monster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tropical Malady

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, The Return of the Pink Panther, Cinema Paradiso, Circle of Friends, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, and The Sound of Music are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Heavenly Creatures
2 What else is that about?	murder, Peter Jackson, Kate Winslet, new zealand
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	20,000 Years in Sing Sing

1 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, Predator, Clerks, True Lies, Austin Powers in Goldmember, and While You Were Sleeping are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	Mr. Brooks
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce A. Evans
3 I prefer Craig Rosenberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Half Light

1 Apollo 13, Annie Hall, Roman Holiday, Gone with the Wind, Patton, Aladdin, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Dashiell Hammett movie.	The Thin Man
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mystery, detective, W.S. Van Dyke, William Powell, Myrna Loy, nick and nora charles, Dashiell Hammett
3 I like Bette Davis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Satan Met a Lady

1 I like American Beauty, The Shining, The Straight Story, Rushmore, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Clueless, and Shine. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Go Fish
2 What else is that about?	lesbian, Chicago
3 I prefer satirical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	But I'm a Cheerleader

1 I really like Rushmore, Schindler's List, Night of the Living Dead, Raise the Red Lantern, High Fidelity, Welcome to the Dollhouse, and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre. I'm looking for a r movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I rate Terry Zwigoff movies. Any other suggestions?	Art School Confidential

1 I watched the films Dracula, Heathers, The Toxic Avenger, The Goonies, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Amélie and loved them. I'm looking for an usa movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade
3 I rate Ralph Fiennes movies. Any other suggestions?	Schindler's List

1 Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, The Godfather, Shaun of the Dead, Shrek, Speed, and The Big Lebowski are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dude, Where's My Car?
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, humor, Ashton Kutcher, Seann William Scott, bad, stoner, Danny Leiner
3 I like martial arts movies more. Do you know anything else?	Iceman

1 I liked Clerks, The Rock, The Shining, The Princess Bride, Mary Poppins, West Side Story, and The Untouchables. I'm looking for a Terence Young movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I like agent movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thunderball

1 I really liked Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, Jurassic Park, Batman Forever, The Rock, and True Romance. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	Demolition Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Marco Brambilla
3 I like Irvin Kershner movies more. Do you know anything else?	RoboCop 2

1 Fargo, What Lies Beneath, Runaway Jury, Braveheart, Y Tu Mamá También, Donnie Darko, and L.A. Confidential are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Beaches
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I rate Noah Baumbach movies. Any other suggestions?	The Squid and the Whale

1 The Bourne Identity, The Usual Suspects, Meet the Robinsons, How to Train Your Dragon, The Boondock Saints, The Iron Giant, and The Great Escape are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pay It Forward
2 Who is that directed by?	Mimi Leder
3 I like Anurag Basu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Barfi!

1 The Matrix and Amélie are films I really like. I'm looking for a vhs movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Darabont
3 I like Michel Gondry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Be Kind Rewind

1 I really liked Gladiator, Memento, Kelly's Heroes, The Usual Suspects, Doctor Zhivago, Saving Private Ryan, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a civil war movie.	Gettysburg
2 What else is that about?	civil war, american civil war, Martin Sheen
3 I prefer John Huston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Red Badge of Courage

1 Tommy Boy, Fight Club, American History X, Beverly Hills Cop, Primal Fear, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and The Usual Suspects are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zoolander
2 Who does that star?	Ben Stiller
3 I like Harpo Marx movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love Happy

1 My Cousin Vinny, Dolores Claiborne, The Godfather, Young Frankenstein, Big Night, Halloween, and Jaws are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Butcher's Wife
2 Who does that star?	Demi Moore, George Dzundza
3 I like Miley Cyrus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bolt

1 Dogma, Raising Arizona, Aladdin, Boys Don't Cry, The Princess and the Warrior, Being John Malkovich, and Groundhog Day are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Jay Chandrasekhar movie.	Super Troopers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jay Chandrasekhar
3 I like island movies more. Do you know anything else?	Club Dread

1 I really like Stop Making Sense, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Indochine, The Seventh Seal, The Silence of the Lambs, Mary Poppins, and Paris, Texas. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Marleen Gorris
3 I prefer Jon Avnet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fried Green Tomatoes

1 I really like Rain Man, Witness, Saving Private Ryan, Some Like It Hot, Chinatown, The Manchurian Candidate, and All About Eve. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Dreamlife of Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Erick Zonca
3 I like Lewis Milestone movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Racket

1 Fight Club, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Love Actually, The Departed, Shrek, School of Rock, and Finding Nemo are movies I like. I'm looking for a british movie.	Bridget Jones's Diary
2 Who is that directed by?	Sharon Maguire
3 I rate Mike Newell movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Weddings and a Funeral

1 Vanilla Sky, Up, The Princess Bride, Mulan, The Fisher King, Moulin Rouge!, and Fight Club are movies I liked. I'm looking for an africa movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy
2 What else is that about?	africa, south africa, Jamie Uys
3 I prefer political movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Battle of Algiers

1 The Wrong Trousers, The Princess Bride, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Great Muppet Caper, The Thin Man, Batman, and Mary Poppins are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Joe Camp movie.	Benji
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Camp

1 I really like Fargo, The Insider, In the Heat of the Night, 2010, Much Ado About Nothing, Schindler's List, and Contact. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I prefer Alan Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	From Hell

1 I loved Edward Scissorhands, Grease, Eye for an Eye, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Life as a House, The Skulls, and Some Kind of Wonderful. I'm looking for a surfing movie.	Blue Crush
2 Who is that directed by?	John Stockwell
3 I rate Stacy Peralta movies. Any other suggestions?	Riding Giants

1 Double Indemnity, The Searchers, The Ice Storm, Chinatown, Say Anything..., Mallrats, and Thunderball are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Roger Daltrey movie.	Tommy
2 Who is that directed by?	Ken Russell

1 Pulp Fiction, Natural Born Killers, M, Gone with the Wind, Mulholland Drive, The Godfather, and The Deer Hunter are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Yellow Submarine
2 What else is that about?	Animation, beatles, The Beatles
3 I prefer christmas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Arthur Christmas

1 I loved The Fugitive, Total Recall, The Princess Bride, The Terminator, Raiders of the Lost Ark, My Cousin Vinny, and Cliffhanger. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Caddyshack
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, sports, golf, Chevy Chase, Harold Ramis, Rodney Dangerfield
3 I rate espy award movies. Any other suggestions?	Friday Night Lights

1 I really like Sleepless in Seattle, Circle of Friends, 10 Things I Hate About You, Four Weddings and a Funeral, You've Got Mail, Sabrina, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Honeymoon in Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Nicolas Cage, Sarah Jessica Parker, Andrew Bergman
3 I rate dvd movies. Any other suggestions?	Shrek

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Cat Returns, Amélie, Pan's Labyrinth, Fight Club, Dogville, and Aladdin are movies I really like. I'm looking for a peru movie.	The Motorcycle Diaries
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, r, own, biopic, motorcycle, latin america, south america, Revolution, argentina, 3, che guevara, chile, peru, Walter Salles, Gael García Bernal
3 I prefer jungle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wings of Hope

1 Paths of Glory, Fly Away Home, Bringing Up Baby, As Good as It Gets, Chinatown, Hoosiers, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Chicago movie.	Return to Me
2 What else is that about?	Chicago, Bonnie Hunt
3 I prefer cancer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brian's Song

1 The Godfather, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Muriel's Wedding, Hamlet, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Psycho, and To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hearts in Atlantis
2 What else is that about?	Stephen King, Anthony Hopkins, Scott Hicks
3 I like Czech movies more. Do you know anything else?	Daisies

1 Ruthless People, Little Big Man, Tin Men, Stand by Me, A Civil Action, The Pelican Brief, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I loved. I'm looking for a seven movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I prefer Ingmar Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Seventh Seal

1 I really liked Touch of Evil, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Get Shorty, The General, Rear Window, Local Hero, and Edward Scissorhands. I'm looking for a Bolivia movie.	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I like Icíar Bollaín movies more. Do you know anything else?	Even the Rain

1 The Last of the Mohicans, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Sneakers are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tim Allen movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I rate David Mamet movies. Any other suggestions?	Redbelt

1 Apollo 13, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, In the Line of Fire, Hoop Dreams, Braveheart, and The Bridges of Madison County are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Richard Benjamin movie.	My Favorite Year
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Peter O'Toole, Richard Benjamin
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Westworld

1 I watched the films American Beauty, Airplane!, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Gladiator, Schindler's List, Toy Story, and The Abyss and loved them. I'm looking for a Christopher Lloyd movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, future, science fiction, Western, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, Lea Thompson, Mary Steenburgen
3 I like cartoon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Who Framed Roger Rabbit

1 I really liked Crimson Tide, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Alien, Sneakers, Natural Born Killers, Scream, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stuart Saves His Family
2 What else is that about?	saturday night live, Harold Ramis
3 I prefer Ricky Gervais movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cemetery Junction

1 Paths of Glory, The African Queen, In the Heat of the Night, Nashville, North by Northwest, Spartacus, and Double Indemnity are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mister Roberts
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford, Mervyn LeRoy, Joshua Logan
3 I prefer Bille Woodruff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beauty Shop

1 The War of the Worlds, The Great Escape, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Quiet Man, The Man Who Knew Too Much, Ben-Hur, and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Doctor Dolittle
2 Who does that star?	Richard Attenborough, Rex Harrison, Samantha Eggar, Anthony Newley
3 I like Peter Franzén movies more. Do you know anything else?	On the Road to Emmaus

1 I watched the films Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Beauty and the Beast, The Sound of Music, Toy Story, Big Fish, Les Misérables, and Aladdin and loved them. I'm looking for an Alan Parker movie.	Midnight Express
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Prison, turkey, Alan Parker
3 I prefer ireland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Commitments

1 Braveheart, Citizen Kane, It's a Wonderful Life, The Maltese Falcon, The Birds, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Awakenings are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Steel Magnolias
2 Who is that directed by?	Herbert Ross
3 I like Frank Whaley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joe the King

1 I liked The Avengers, Avatar, Beauty and the Beast, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, cgi, Megan Fox
3 I like Rose McGowan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Planet Terror

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Local Hero, Groundhog Day, The Lady Vanishes, The African Queen, Strangers on a Train, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I like. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 Who is that directed by?	Masayuki Suo
3 I prefer Edward Zwick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Samurai

1 I love Donnie Darko, Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, and Kick-Ass. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Virgin Suicides
2 Who does that star?	Kirsten Dunst, Josh Hartnett, James Woods, Kathleen Turner
3 I like George Arliss movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disraeli

1 The New World, The Searchers, Rio Grande, L'Eclisse, Stalker, La Notte, and Last Days are movies I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	She Wore a Yellow Ribbon
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne
3 I rate Gene Autry movies. Any other suggestions?	Back in the Saddle

1 What Women Want, The Princess Bride, Braveheart, Schindler's List, The Shining, Jerry Maguire, and Great Expectations are movies I liked. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	The Replacement Killers
2 Who is that directed by?	Antoine Fuqua
3 I prefer Drew Goddard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cabin in the Woods

1 I liked The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, Chinatown, The Godfather, The Usual Suspects, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	True Romance
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Quentin Tarantino, Brad Pitt, Gary Oldman, Christopher Walken, Val Kilmer, cast, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette, Tony Scott
3 I rate Luc Besson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fifth Element

1 I watched the films Pretty in Pink, Mary Poppins, Schindler's List, West Side Story, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Reservoir Dogs, and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Kevin Bacon, Demi Moore
3 I like Noah Silver movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jamie Marks Is Dead

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, American History X, Swingers, Mrs. Winterbourne, The Silence of the Lambs, Good Will Hunting, and Pecker. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mansfield Park
2 What else is that about?	england, Jane Austen
3 I rate Kieran Culkin movies. Any other suggestions?	Igby Goes Down

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The English Patient, Six Degrees of Separation, Schindler's List, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, The Usual Suspects, and Forrest Gump are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I prefer Neve Campbell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wild Things

1 I really liked The Godfather, Citizen Kane, Memento, Monsters, Inc., Being John Malkovich, The Silence of the Lambs, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I prefer Kevin Munroe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	TMNT

1 The Great Escape, The Shawshank Redemption, When Harry Met Sally..., Romancing the Stone, MASH, Cool Hand Luke, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fredric March movie.	The Best Years of Our Lives
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, best picture, William Wyler, Myrna Loy, veterans, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Coming Home, Teresa Wright
3 I rate René Clair movies. Any other suggestions?	I Married a Witch

1 I love The Matrix, Patton, Escape from New York, MASH, Planet of the Apes, The Thing, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for an australian movie.	Mad Max
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller
3 I like Sean Byrne movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Loved Ones

1 I really like Blazing Saddles, South Pacific, Forrest Gump, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, The Maltese Falcon, Oklahoma!, and Widows' Peak. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, italy, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, spain, bad, f, spaghetti, dollars trilogy
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hallelujah Trail

1 I really liked Fight Club, Inglourious Basterds, Alien, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Aliens
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I rate Stephen Sommers movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mummy

1 Double Indemnity, Unforgiven, Fargo, That Thing You Do!, Sneakers, The American President, and Holiday Inn are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Someone to Watch Over Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Joe Carnahan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Smokin' Aces

1 Blade Runner, Jaws, Airplane!, Casablanca, Die Hard, The Fly, and Speed are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Meet Joe Black
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, death, Anthony Hopkins, 1, Claire Forlani
3 I rate Life movies. Any other suggestions?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 Dial M for Murder, The Caine Mutiny, High Plains Drifter, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Reservoir Dogs, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, and Touch of Evil are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Day of the Jackal
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, assassin, Fred Zinnemann, Frederick Forsyth
3 I prefer Bill Paxton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frailty

1 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Ponyo, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Watership Down, Cinderella, and The NeverEnding Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Hilary Brougher
3 I rate Jonathan Demme movies. Any other suggestions?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 I really liked The Virgin Suicides, Election, Bananas, Stop Making Sense, Groundhog Day, Hamlet, and The Kentucky Fried Movie. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clerks
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I rate Fernando Trueba movies. Any other suggestions?	Two Much

1 Despicable Me 2, Shrek 2, Back to the Future Part II, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Shutter Island, Titanic, and Secret Window are movies I really like. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Wolverine
2 Who is that directed by?	James Mangold
3 I rate Frank Miller movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spirit

1 Meet the Fockers, Along Came Polly, National Lampoon's Vacation, Driving Miss Daisy, Million Dollar Baby, Up in Smoke, and Disclosure are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Five Heartbeats
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Townsend
3 I prefer Tim McCanlies movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angels Sing

1 I really liked North by Northwest, The Color of Money, Hoop Dreams, Goodfellas, Jaws, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a William H. Macy movie.	Magnolia
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I like Jason Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thank You for Smoking

1 Sense and Sensibility, Dances with Wolves, Quiz Show, The Age of Innocence, The Silence of the Lambs, The Birdcage, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Month by the Lake
2 Who does that star?	Uma Thurman, Vanessa Redgrave, Edward Fox
3 I prefer Luana Piovani movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Mulher Invisível

1 I like It Happened One Night, Rear Window, The African Queen, Persuasion, Schindler's List, Gandhi, and My Left Foot. I'm looking for a Family movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Drama, inspirational, Family, christmas, story, long, James Stewart, money, favorite, Frank Capra, Angel
3 I rate animated movies. Any other suggestions?	Happy Feet

1 Casablanca, Apocalypse Now, Back to the Future, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Basketball Diaries, Psycho, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I like Chris Renaud movies more. Do you know anything else?	Despicable Me

1 I liked Back to the Future, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, 300, Mary Poppins, The Wrong Trousers, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Tim Allen movie.	Toy Story 3
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, Tom Hanks, story, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, score, G, Joan Cusack, Lee Unkrich
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Santa Clause

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Color Purple, Goldfinger, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Max Dugan Returns, Much Ado About Nothing, and Murphy's Romance are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Hugo Weaving movie.	Bedrooms and Hallways
2 Who does that star?	Kevin McKidd, Simon Callow, Julie Graham
3 I like Tony Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Interview

1 Life Is Beautiful, The Usual Suspects, Mad Max, The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Natural Born Killers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a scorsese movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, controversial, jesus, christian, biblical, jesus christ, scorsese
3 I prefer Bob Dylan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Waltz

1 I love While You Were Sleeping, Disclosure, Balto, Ghost, Pinocchio, Independence Day, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Baby-Sitters Club
2 Who is that directed by?	Melanie Mayron
3 I rate Harry Lachman movies. Any other suggestions?	Baby Take a Bow

1 The Iron Ladies, Alien, A Knight's Tale, Sky High, Hannibal Rising, Labyrinth, and Secret Window are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Cursed
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Craven
3 I rate Farhad Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Devil's Diary

1 Fight Club, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Iron Man, V for Vendetta, Clerks II, Kick-Ass, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Illusionist
2 What else is that about?	Magic, Edward Norton, Paul Giamatti, Jessica Biel, vienna, Neil Burger
3 I like india movies more. Do you know anything else?	City of Joy

1 The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, The Shining, Black Rain, The Outlaw Josey Wales, The Big Boss, Jaws, and The Killer are films I really liked. I'm looking for an own movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I prefer Roman Polanski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Macbeth

1 Sleepy Hollow, Uncommon Valor, Jaws, Mississippi Burning, Scary Movie 2, Hannibal, and Cast Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Raven
2 Who is that directed by?	Ulli Lommel
3 I rate Frank Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	Arachnophobia

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, Inglourious Basterds, Reservoir Dogs, Goodfellas, Shaun of the Dead, Ocean's Eleven, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for an Ellen Page movie.	Hard Candy
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, torture, Ellen Page, David Slade
3 I prefer Dennis Quaid movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Smart People

1 City Lights, The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, The Triplets of Belleville, Amélie, Roman Holiday, Pulp Fiction, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Christopher Plummer movie.	The New World
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I like Jon Turteltaub movies more. Do you know anything else?	National Treasure

1 Go, Air Force One, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Game, Splash, A Beautiful Mind, and Casino are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	A League of Their Own
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I prefer Brian Helgeland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	42

1 Good Will Hunting, Mystic River, Unforgiven, Raiders of the Lost Ark, There Will Be Blood, The Departed, and The Exorcist are films I love. I'm looking for an alternate history movie.	Inglourious Basterds
2 What else is that about?	War, Quentin Tarantino, r, Brad Pitt, story, French, death, france, ending, tarantino, Michael Fassbender, German, Christoph Waltz, alternate history, Diane Kruger, nazi germany, Eli Roth
3 I like Patrick Wilson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Watchmen

1 The Birdcage, Emma, Ghostbusters, The Muppet Movie, Sense and Sensibility, Wayne's World, and A Hard Day's Night are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	A Bug's Life
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, story, Kevin Spacey, animated, computer animation, avi, Circus, pixar animation, bugs, John Lasseter, Dave Foley
3 I like Ronny Yu movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bride with White Hair

1 I watched the films Ran, The Grifters, The African Queen, The Crying Game, From Here to Eternity, Back to the Future, and Raising Arizona and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Shine
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Australia, Geoffrey Rush, Scott Hicks
3 I rate Anna Boden movies. Any other suggestions?	Sugar

1 Taxi Driver and Pulp Fiction are films I like. I'm looking for a Revenge movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I prefer Michael Wincott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seraphim Falls

1 The Breakfast Club, Sabrina, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Romancing the Stone, Sixteen Candles, Lethal Weapon, and Toy Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	She's Having a Baby
2 What else is that about?	John Hughes
3 I like Brian Robbins movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Thousand Words

1 I watched the films Catch Me If You Can, The Silence of the Lambs, Carrie, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Matrix, Rear Window, and Vertigo and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Descent
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Marshall
3 I like David Steiman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Santa's Slay

1 Taxi Driver, Rear Window, Inception, The Dark Knight, The Big Lebowski, Pulp Fiction, and Gone with the Wind are movies I loved. I'm looking for a r movie.	There Will Be Blood
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, r, Paul Thomas Anderson, California, oil, Paul Dano, Upton Sinclair
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Children

1 Shrek, Monsters, Inc., Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Finding Nemo, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, A Close Shave, and Ghostbusters II are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Nightmare Before Christmas
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Music, Musical, christmas, Tim Burton, animated, stop motion, Halloween, Special, Holiday, Danny Elfman, Chris Sarandon, Catherine O'Hara, Henry Selick, Paul Reubens
3 I rate robert downey jr movies. Any other suggestions?	Heart and Souls

1 I loved Pi, Gone with the Wind, Pulp Fiction, Jean de Florette, In the Company of Men, Reservoir Dogs, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a 70mm movie.	Dersu Uzala
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa
3 I prefer Robert Wise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sound of Music

1 Suddenly, Last Summer, Lost Horizon, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, East of Eden, Alien, Top Hat, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Star Is Born
2 What else is that about?	William A. Wellman, Fredric March
3 I rate Alfred E. Green movies. Any other suggestions?	Dangerous

1 The Little Mermaid, The Three Musketeers, Mary Poppins, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Jungle Book, Top Gun, and Pinocchio are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Green Mile
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Michael Clarke Duncan, Bonnie Hunt
3 I rate Dakota Blue Richards movies. Any other suggestions?	The Secret of Moonacre

1 The Stepford Wives, Forbidden Planet, An American Werewolf in London, Moonstruck, 2010, The General, and The Omega Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Blob
2 What else is that about?	remake, Chuck Russell
3 I rate f movies. Any other suggestions?	The Faculty

1 I love Vertigo, Rear Window, To Kill a Mockingbird, Akira, Contact, Unforgiven, and The Thin Blue Line. I'm looking for an astronauts movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I rate Bill Paxton movies. Any other suggestions?	Apollo 13

1 Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, Mad Max, Pulp Fiction, Memento, The Godfather, and A Bronx Tale are films I really liked. I'm looking for an action scenes movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality

1 I loved Sense and Sensibility, Emma, Leaving Las Vegas, Freeway, Trainspotting, A Very Brady Sequel, and Mighty Aphrodite. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Young Poisoner's Handbook
2 What else is that about?	murder
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Soldier's Story

1 Apollo 13, Dead Man Walking, Mrs. Doubtfire, Sleepless in Seattle, Sense and Sensibility, The Client, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I rate Nora Ephron movies. Any other suggestions?	Sleepless in Seattle

1 I liked Blade Runner, Amélie, Brazil, Memento, The Matrix, Fight Club, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a direction movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

1 A Bug's Life, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Army of Darkness, The Big Lebowski, The Green Mile, Independence Day, and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Kentucky Fried Movie
2 Who does that star?	David Zucker
3 I rate Mark Wahlberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Other Guys

1 I really liked Grosse Pointe Blank, Arsenic and Old Lace, Notorious, Fargo, Swept Away, The Wizard of Oz, and Touch of Evil. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Someone to Watch Over Me
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Matt Dillon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Armored

1 Full Metal Jacket, Good Will Hunting, Office Space, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Sixteen Candles, and Scarface are films I like. I'm looking for a Rob Reiner movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I prefer teen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flipped

1 I really like Fight Club, The Silence of the Lambs, Back to the Future Part III, Run Lola Run, Charlie's Angels, Men in Black, and Cube. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Igby Goes Down
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Goldblum, Claire Danes, Kieran Culkin, Ryan Phillippe
3 I prefer George Cukor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What Price Hollywood?

1 Dead Man Walking, The Shawshank Redemption, Meet the Parents, 12 Angry Men, Eraserhead, Meet John Doe, and A Grand Day Out are movies I love. I'm looking for a friendship movie.	My First Mister
2 Who is that directed by?	Christine Lahti
3 I prefer David Ayer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	End of Watch

1 I liked The Lives of Others, Shooter, Inception, S.W.A.T., The Usual Suspects, Enemy at the Gates, and The Fast and the Furious. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Hoodwinked!
2 What else is that about?	Animation, parody, fairy tale, children, Anne Hathaway, Glenn Close, little red riding hood, Rashomon
3 I like Patton Oswalt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ratatouille

1 I loved Remember the Titans, Crash, Miss Congeniality, The Bourne Supremacy, Mrs. Doubtfire, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Pearl Harbor. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I like Daniel Craig movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Tintin

1 Beauty and the Beast, Rocky, Fatal Attraction, Aladdin, Clueless, A Beautiful Mind, and Aliens are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sweet Home Alabama
2 Who does that star?	Reese Witherspoon, Josh Lucas, Candice Bergen, Patrick Dempsey
3 I like Justin Long movies more. Do you know anything else?	Going the Distance

1 I liked Cliffhanger, Speed, Schindler's List, In the Line of Fire, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	Striking Distance
2 Who is that directed by?	Rowdy Herrington
3 I like Kevin Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cop Out

1 Schindler's List, Dr. No, The Thomas Crown Affair, Time Bandits, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Pulp Fiction, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fletch
2 Who does that star?	Chevy Chase, Joe Don Baker
3 I prefer Jean Parker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Adventures of Kitty O'Day

1 I watched the films Babe, Raising Arizona, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, Cold Comfort Farm, Young Frankenstein, and Fargo and loved them. I'm looking for a David Lean movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lean
3 I like Gabriel Pascal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Major Barbara

1 Life Is Beautiful, As Good as It Gets, Forrest Gump, Run Lola Run, Brazil, The Wrong Trousers, and The Remains of the Day are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Daytrippers
2 Who does that star?	Stanley Tucci, Hope Davis
3 I rate John Turturro movies. Any other suggestions?	Quiz Show

1 I watched the films Whale Rider, Serenity, Office Space, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, I Heart Huckabees, Lost in Translation, and Contact and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet and Lowdown
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, Uma Thurman, jazz
3 I prefer War movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saints and Soldiers

1 I love The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Jurassic Park, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Roman Holiday, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Great Escape. I'm looking for a Western movie.	For a Few Dollars More
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, Sergio Leone, Italian, Klaus Kinski, eastwood, Lee Van Cleef, dollars trilogy
3 I like time movies more. Do you know anything else?	Back to the Future Part III

1 Groundhog Day, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Get Shorty, Toy Story, The Bridges of Madison County, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Back to the Future are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Four Weddings and a Funeral
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, british, Hugh Grant, wedding, funeral, Mike Newell
3 I prefer John Malkovich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Making Mr. Right

1 I love Blazing Saddles, Caddyshack, Mississippi Burning, Rio Bravo, Trading Places, The Deer Hunter, and A Simple Plan. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Night of the Living Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, remake, zombie, Tom Savini
3 I prefer old dark house movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Old Dark House

1 I like Bicycle Thieves, The Wild Bunch, Being John Malkovich, La Strada, In the Mood for Love, Chungking Express, and Last Tango in Paris. I'm looking for a Vittorio De Sica movie.	Umberto D.
2 What else is that about?	Vittorio De Sica
3 I rate Italian movies. Any other suggestions?	Bicycle Thieves

1 I like Diner, West Side Story, Air Force One, Terms of Endearment, Shrek, Eat Drink Man Woman, and The Year of Living Dangerously. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	Charade
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Paris, Audrey Hepburn, Cary Grant, Walter Matthau, Stanley Donen, James Coburn
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	From Paris with Love

1 I really like Bowling for Columbine, Donnie Darko, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, American History X, Fight Club, and Clerks. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Heavenly Creatures
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I like Marc Forster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quantum of Solace

1 Rome, Open City, Modern Times, Lawrence of Arabia, The Third Man, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Shining, and The 400 Blows are movies I liked. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	The Bad Sleep Well
2 What else is that about?	japan, Corruption, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa, Hamlet, postwar, corporate
3 I prefer Police movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High and Low

1 Little Women, Casper, Pinocchio, Dave, Dances with Wolves, Aladdin, and Junior are films I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Anne Frank Remembered
2 Who does that star?	Glenn Close, Kenneth Branagh, Anne Frank
3 I like Jeanne Moreau movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Train

1 I watched the films Pretty Woman, Pinocchio, Beauty and the Beast, Tom and Huck, Casper, Free Willy, and Jurassic Park and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Next Karate Kid
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Hilary Swank, Pat Morita, Christopher Cain
3 I prefer Randal Kleiser movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's My Party

1 I really liked Rushmore, Annie Hall, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Spanish Prisoner, Goodfellas, Election, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Raging Bull
2 What else is that about?	sports, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, boxing, photography, Jealousy, Joe Pesci, scorsese, Cathy Moriarty, de niro
3 I prefer glam rock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Velvet Goldmine

1 Casablanca, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Shakespeare in Love, Blazing Saddles, It's a Wonderful Life, The Third Man, and A Grand Day Out are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 Who is that directed by?	Roy Del Ruth
3 I prefer Ernest R. Dickerson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Juice

1 I watched the films Aliens, Lethal Weapon, Aladdin, Jurassic Park, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Die Hard, and Bowfinger and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I prefer Andrew Dice Clay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Ford Fairlane

1 Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Trainspotting, Dead Poets Society, The Science of Sleep, Gran Torino, Million Dollar Baby, and Life Is Beautiful are films I liked. I'm looking for a Hayao Miyazaki movie.	Howl's Moving Castle
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki

1 The Blues Brothers, The American President, The Right Stuff, The Manchurian Candidate, Patton, Good Will Hunting, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Maureen O'Hara movie.	The Quiet Man
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, John Wayne, John Ford, Maureen O'Hara
3 I rate Andrew V. McLaglen movies. Any other suggestions?	McLintock!

1 I loved Dead Poets Society, To Kill a Mockingbird, Jurassic Park, So I Married an Axe Murderer, The Shawshank Redemption, Clueless, and Heathers. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Anne Frank Remembered
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Kenneth Branagh, Glenn Close
3 I like military movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Most Hated Family in America

1 Akira, The Iron Giant, Waiting for Guffman, Heathers, The Fugitive, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Batman are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I prefer Mira Nair movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reluctant Fundamentalist

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Apollo 13, Iron Man 2, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Rock, 28 Weeks Later, and Road Trip are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fail Safe
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I like Jeremy Lovering movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miss Austen Regrets

1 The Untouchables, Jacob's Ladder, The Shining, A Clockwork Orange, Legend, Legends of the Fall, and Sleepers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Celebrity
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Cate Blanchett movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Jasmine

1 The 13th Warrior, What Dreams May Come, 50 First Dates, 12 Angry Men, The Dark Crystal, Father of the Bride, and The Color Purple are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Awakenings
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Robert De Niro, Robin Williams, Penny Marshall
3 I prefer own movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Aladdin

1 I watched the films Much Ado About Nothing, Hoop Dreams, Richard III, Titus, West Side Story, Gandhi, and The Producers and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, George Raft
3 I prefer Mena Suvari movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Loser

1 My Cousin Vinny, Spaceballs, The Little Mermaid, Groundhog Day, The Breakfast Club, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Jerk are movies I love. I'm looking for a school movie.	Billy Madison
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamra Davis
3 I rate Julio Medem movies. Any other suggestions?	Lovers of the Arctic Circle

1 Ice Age, About a Boy, 25th Hour, Drumline, and Catch Me If You Can are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears
2 Who does that star?	Aleksey Batalov, Vera Alentova
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Good Morning, Vietnam, Empire of the Sun, Saving Private Ryan, Men in Black, Amélie, Groundhog Day, and Watchmen are films I loved. I'm looking for a Trial movie.	The Reader
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Daldry
3 I like David Lean movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Passage to India

1 I liked Top Gun, What's Love Got to Do with It, Tommy Boy, Father of the Bride Part II, Boys on the Side, The Lion King, and The Return of the Pink Panther. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Could Happen to You
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Nicolas Cage, lottery
3 I rate french comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Intouchables

1 I liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, Kung Fu Hustle, The Fifth Element, The Maltese Falcon, Brazil, Spirited Away, and Das Boot. I'm looking for a 4 movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I like Michael Douglas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Game

1 I loved The Ice Storm, Raiders of the Lost Ark, No Way Out, American Beauty, In the Company of Men, The Sting, and High Noon. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Cop Land
2 Who is that directed by?	James Mangold
3 I prefer Alan Clarke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scum

1 Rain Man, Headhunters, Memento, The Last of the Mohicans, Saving Private Ryan, We Were Soldiers, and The Ides of March are films I loved. I'm looking for a bank movie.	Margin Call
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey, business, cast, Greed, Jeremy Irons, financial crisis, Wall Street, Zachary Quinto, bank, J.C. Chandor
3 I rate Crime movies. Any other suggestions?	Dog Day Afternoon

1 Grosse Pointe Blank, Fight Club, L.A. Confidential, The Game, Enemy at the Gates, Batman, and Memento are films I like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Spacey, John Cusack
3 I rate Angelina Jolie movies. Any other suggestions?	Changeling

1 The Full Monty, Contact, and Dead Man Walking are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mondo
2 What else is that about?	Tony Gatlif
3 I rate George Cukor movies. Any other suggestions?	Dinner at Eight

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Birds, Nell, Jumanji, Unforgiven, Broken Arrow, and Aliens are movies I loved. I'm looking for a poker movie.	Maverick
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate Zak Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grand

1 I like All About Eve, The Apartment, Strangers on a Train, Drugstore Cowboy, Annie Hall, Wonder Boys, and Happiness. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet Smell of Success
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, film noir, Tony Curtis, Alexander Mackendrick
3 I rate Cecil B. DeMille movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ten Commandments

1 Breakfast at Tiffany's, West Side Story, The Prince of Egypt, South Pacific, The Last of the Mohicans, Groundhog Day, and Say Anything... are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jean Negulesco movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Humoresque

1 Pygmalion, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Seventh Seal, Hud, The Sorrow and the Pity, The Exorcist, and The Wages of Fear are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I like Luchino Visconti movies more. Do you know anything else?	Senso

1 I love Sherlock Holmes, The Notebook, 127 Hours, The King's Speech, and The Painted Veil. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	The Lake House
2 Who is that directed by?	Alejandro Agresti
3 I rate David Ayer movies. Any other suggestions?	Street Kings

1 The Craft, The Flower of My Secret, Talk to Her, Breaking the Waves, In the Bedroom, Blue Valentine, and Paris, Texas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Winter's Bone
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, poverty, Jennifer Lawrence, rural, ozarks
3 I rate William Wyler movies. Any other suggestions?	Counsellor at Law

1 Die Hard, Rat Race, Shoot 'Em Up, Big Fish, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Live Free or Die Hard, and Django Unchained are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Monster movie.	Van Helsing
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Sommers
3 I rate John Guillermin movies. Any other suggestions?	King Kong

1 I liked Die Hard, The Terminator, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Psycho, In the Line of Fire, Alien, and Rebecca. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pecker
2 What else is that about?	John Waters, Edward Furlong
3 I rate cult classic movies. Any other suggestions?	Class of Nuke 'Em High

1 Cookie's Fortune, Party Girl, As Good as It Gets, L.A. Story, Babe, Little Voice, and Cold Comfort Farm are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sarah Polley, Timothy Olyphant, Katie Holmes, Doug Liman
3 I rate dance movies. Any other suggestions?	Silver Linings Playbook

1 I love The Manchurian Candidate, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Bicycle Thieves, The Draughtsman's Contract, Citizen Kane, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner. I'm looking for a Sam Wood movie.	For Whom the Bell Tolls
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Wood

1 Terms of Endearment, La Femme Nikita, Being John Malkovich, Life Is Beautiful, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, and The Sixth Sense are films I like. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	The Celebration
2 What else is that about?	Family, suicide, birthday, Thomas Vinterberg
3 I rate poets movies. Any other suggestions?	Sylvia

1 I really liked Jerry Maguire, Leaving Las Vegas, Broken Arrow, Heat, Twister, Eraser, and Ransom. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Olympia Dukakis, Glenne Headly, Jay Thomas
3 I rate Stefan Witschi movies. Any other suggestions?	The Circle

1 The Color of Money, Reservoir Dogs, The Boondock Saints, Rounders, The Crow, Chasing Amy, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	Poolhall Junkies
2 What else is that about?	Mentor, Christopher Walken
3 I prefer James Foley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	At Close Range

1 I liked What Lies Beneath, The Godfather, The Seventh Sign, Payback, Evil Dead II, Jaws, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Vincent D'Onofrio movie.	The Cell
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Jennifer Lopez, Vincent D'Onofrio
3 I rate War movies. Any other suggestions?	Full Metal Jacket

1 Toy Story, Braveheart, Crimson Tide, The Rock, True Lies, Schindler's List, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Close Shave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Short, own, animated, stop motion, aardman, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I like Steve Carell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Despicable Me

1 I really liked A Civil Action, Die Hard 2, The Italian Job, The Negotiator, Toy Story 2, Rules of Engagement, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a hacking movie.	Swordfish
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Hugh Jackman, John Travolta, hacking, Don Cheadle, Halle Berry, Vinnie Jones, Dominic Sena
3 I rate Japanese movies. Any other suggestions?	Summer Wars

1 Laura, Dead Poets Society, Mary Poppins, Toy Story 2, The Wrong Trousers, The Matrix, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a shipwreck movie.	The Black Stallion
2 What else is that about?	horses, shipwreck, G, Mickey Rooney, Carroll Ballard
3 I like tiger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life of Pi

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Tombstone, Seven Samurai, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Almost Famous, Get Shorty, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Love, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, siblings, Gene Hackman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Luke Wilson, Anjelica Huston
3 I prefer Carroll Ballard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Duma

1 I loved Time Bandits, Being John Malkovich, Young Frankenstein, The Insider, Memento, Contact, and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Iron Giant
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Bird
3 I prefer Raja Gosnell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Smurfs

1 I watched the films The Fugitive, While You Were Sleeping, Tombstone, The Usual Suspects, Top Gun, Phenomenon, and Rumble in the Bronx and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	It Could Happen to You
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Nicolas Cage, lottery
3 I prefer Stephen Herek movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Holy Man

1 I really liked The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, National Lampoon's Vacation, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, American Gigolo, Clockers, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Michael Collins. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Quadrophenia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	West of Zanzibar

1 Legends of the Fall, Beverly Hills Cop III, The Net, Species, The Usual Suspects, The Prophecy, and Mary Reilly are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer Nehemiah Persoff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Comancheros

1 I really like Hamlet, Psycho, The Wizard of Oz, West Side Story, Key Largo, Touch of Evil, and Shadowlands. I'm looking for a Brad Anderson movie.	Next Stop Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Brad Anderson
3 I rate David Caruso movies. Any other suggestions?	Session 9

1 I really liked I Shot Andy Warhol, True Lies, 101 Dalmatians, Romeo + Juliet, Copycat, Jurassic Park, and Free Willy. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cold Comfort Farm
2 Who is that directed by?	John Schlesinger
3 I prefer David Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Opposite Sex

1 Schindler's List, The Wizard of Oz, The Big Lebowski, Hoosiers, The Silence of the Lambs, Pretty Woman, and Jerry Maguire are movies I love. I'm looking for a sex movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I rate Bill Condon movies. Any other suggestions?	Kinsey

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Lethal Weapon, Crimson Tide, Sneakers, The Art of War, Rising Sun, and Armageddon are movies I like. I'm looking for a forgettable movie.	Unforgettable
2 Who does that star?	Ray Liotta, Linda Fiorentino

1 I watched the films Eraser, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Lion King, The Arrival, The Wrong Trousers, Carrie, and Aliens and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Congo
2 What else is that about?	Michael Crichton, Frank Marshall
3 I like Gary Cooper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The General Died at Dawn

1 Once Upon a Time in America, Requiem for a Dream, Trainspotting, Oldboy, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Pulp Fiction, and Inception are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	U Turn
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Billy Bob Thornton
3 I prefer Naomi Watts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	21 Grams

1 Army of Darkness, Pulp Fiction, Face/Off, Airplane!, Apocalypse Now, American History X, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Money Pit
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Benjamin
3 I like Tommy O'Haver movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Over It

1 I watched the films Lethal Weapon, The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Bourne Identity, The Game, Unforgiven, and The American President and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Garden State
2 What else is that about?	Music, soundtrack, Natalie Portman, Zach Braff, new jersey, Peter Sarsgaard, Ian Holm, Home
3 I prefer Sidney Lumet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fail Safe

1 Apollo 13, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Toy Story, Pulp Fiction, Heat, and Die Hard are films I really liked. I'm looking for a death row movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Prison, death, Sean Penn, usa, book, Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon, death row
3 I prefer Frank Darabont movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Green Mile

1 The Dark Knight, How to Train Your Dragon, Batman Begins, American Gangster, Serenity, Hero, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Black Swan
2 What else is that about?	dark, Horror, Thriller, psychological, r, new york city, Natalie Portman, dance, Mila Kunis, ballet, Darren Aronofsky, psychological thriller, Vincent Cassel, swan lake
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rachel Getting Married

1 Rain Man, Psycho, Casablanca, Brassed Off, Stand by Me, High Noon, and The Sting are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Ordinary People
2 What else is that about?	Family, Robert Redford, Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Timothy Hutton
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spy Next Door

1 White Christmas, Some Like It Hot, Delirious, Mortal Kombat, Anaconda, It Could Happen to You, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	18 Again!
2 Who does that star?	George Burns, Charlie Schlatter
3 I like Greta Garbo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ninotchka

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Social Network, The Shawshank Redemption, The Big Lebowski, Milk, and This Is the End are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Waiting...
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ryan Reynolds, Justin Long
3 I like David Frankel movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Devil Wears Prada

1 It Happened One Night, Lost in Translation, The Big Sleep, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Maltese Falcon, Reservoir Dogs, and Auntie Mame are movies I love. I'm looking for a complex movie.	Primer
2 What else is that about?	time travel, science fiction, low budget, science, complex, time, Shane Carruth
3 I rate anime movies. Any other suggestions?	Ghost in the Shell

1 Swingers, Empire of the Sun, Forrest Gump, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Usual Suspects, American Beauty, and The Natural are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Singles
2 Who is that directed by?	Cameron Crowe
3 I rate Vanessa Middleton movies. Any other suggestions?	30 Years to Life

1 True Romance, Highlander, Dog Day Afternoon, Heathers, The Ref, Romper Stomper, and Scary Movie are films I liked. I'm looking for an astaire and rogers movie.	Top Hat
2 Who does that star?	Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Edward Everett Horton, Erik Rhodes
3 I like Helen Broderick movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swing Time

1 I watched the films Cool Hand Luke, Casablanca, Schindler's List, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Braveheart, Das Boot, and Seven Samurai and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, r, Morgan Freeman, Denzel Washington, civil war, american civil war, Matthew Broderick, Edward Zwick
3 I like Lisa Kudrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hanging Up

1 Ghost, ¡Three Amigos!, The King and I, Babe, Jumanji, Gone with the Wind, and Jumpin' Jack Flash are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Secret Garden
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred M. Wilcox
3 I like Stanley Kramer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner

1 Toy Story 2, Man on the Moon, Rain Man, The Green Mile, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really liked. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Little Mermaid
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, disney, own, animated, disney animated feature, Mermaid, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, John Musker
3 I prefer sheep movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Babe

1 Nineteen Eighty-Four, Aladdin, Darby O'Gill and the Little People, The Goonies, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Magnolia, and Beetlejuice are movies I love. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Alien Nation
2 What else is that about?	Police
3 I like José Padilha movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bus 174

1 I really like GoldenEye, Clear and Present Danger, Braveheart, Aladdin, Sense and Sensibility, and While You Were Sleeping. I'm looking for a War movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I prefer Guillermo del Toro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil's Backbone

1 I loved Stagecoach, The Philadelphia Story, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, The Stepford Wives, Run Lola Run, Sid and Nancy, and La Dolce Vita. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Jazz Singer
2 Who does that star?	Al Jolson
3 I rate Emmy Rossum movies. Any other suggestions?	The Phantom of the Opera

1 Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, The Family Stone, Inkheart, The 39 Steps, Stargate, Fiddler on the Roof, and Gone with the Wind are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	Harper
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Paul Newman
3 I like Sally Field movies more. Do you know anything else?	Absence of Malice

1 I watched the films Lawrence of Arabia, High Noon, Aliens, Fargo, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Red Rock West and loved them. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Pale Rider
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western
3 I prefer Frank Borzage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Secrets

1 Rear Window, Apocalypse Now, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, The Commitments, Rudy, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire are films I love. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Thirteen Days
2 What else is that about?	political, Kevin Costner, cuban missile crisis, Roger Donaldson, John F. Kennedy, Bruce Greenwood
3 I like John Badham movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Flyers

1 Super Size Me, Garden State, The Princess Bride, Riding in Cars with Boys, The Shining, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Dark City are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bubble Boy
2 Who is that directed by?	Blair Hayes
3 I prefer Nicholas Hytner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The History Boys

1 I love Enemy of the State, The Matrix, The Red Violin, Primary Colors, Saving Private Ryan, The Truman Show, and American Pie. I'm looking for a Joseph Ruben movie.	Return to Paradise
2 Who does that star?	Joaquin Phoenix, Vince Vaughn, Anne Heche
3 I prefer Julianne Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Forgotten

1 I love Babel, Empire of the Sun, Paris, je t'aime, Star Trek, Magnolia, The Science of Sleep, and 21 Grams. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Million Dollar Hotel
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Milla Jovovich, Jeremy Davies
3 I rate Ken Takakura movies. Any other suggestions?	Antarctica

1 Stargate, The Shawshank Redemption, Aladdin, Jurassic Park, The Mask, Schindler's List, and The Santa Clause are films I like. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I like Omar Naim movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Final Cut

1 I loved The Dead Zone, American Splendor, Cape Fear, Reservoir Dogs, A Streetcar Named Desire, Taxi Driver, and Delicatessen. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Breaking Away
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, sports, inspiring, Jackie Earle Haley, indiana, Peter Yates
3 I rate History movies. Any other suggestions?	Dogtown and Z-Boys

1 I liked Unforgiven, The Apartment, Thunderball, Alien, Schindler's List, True Lies, and Moonstruck. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	Babes in Toyland
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Donohue
3 I rate Peter Dalle movies. Any other suggestions?	Illusive Tracks

1 I love Lethal Weapon, Conspiracy Theory, Hoosiers, Very Bad Things, Alice in Wonderland, Saving Private Ryan, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Monument Ave.
2 Who is that directed by?	Ted Demme
3 I prefer Louis Malle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elevator to the Gallows

1 I really liked The Wrong Trousers, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, The Sixth Sense, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Born on the Fourth of July
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I prefer Peter Landesman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Parkland

1 Welcome to Sarajevo, Gandhi, My Own Private Idaho, Rosemary's Baby, The Butcher Boy, Chariots of Fire, and Down by Law are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Broadway movie.	M. Butterfly
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg
3 I like Bill Condon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dreamgirls

1 I watched the films The Departed, Juno, Good Will Hunting, Donnie Darko, Superbad, Election, and About a Boy and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Manhattan Murder Mystery
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Francis Veber movies. Any other suggestions?	The Closet

1 I really like Field of Dreams, Training Day, The Jerk, The Matrix, Full Metal Jacket, The Hunt for Red October, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Goodfellas
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Gus Van Sant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	To Die For

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Dark Crystal, Paths of Glory, The Shawshank Redemption, Amistad, Primal Fear, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	The Sweet Hereafter
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan

1 Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, Crimson Tide, Clear and Present Danger, Dances with Wolves, and Outbreak are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Jessica Lange movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I rate mental illness movies. Any other suggestions?	Frances

1 I really liked Weird Science, Up, 10 Things I Hate About You, Roman Holiday, Harold and Maude, and Persuasion. I'm looking for an Emma Watson movie.	The Perks of Being a Wallflower
2 What else is that about?	Drama, High School, Emma Watson, Ezra Miller
3 I prefer franchise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban

1 Sideways, October Sky, Broken Flowers, The Adventures of Tintin, The Hurt Locker, Safety Not Guaranteed, and The Descent are films I loved. I'm looking for a Conspiracy movie.	JFK
2 What else is that about?	historical, Conspiracy, Gary Oldman, Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Costner, Oliver Stone, president, John F. Kennedy
3 I rate Charlie Sheen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Arrival

1 Evita, Papillon, A Beautiful Mind, Black Cat, White Cat, Funny Girl, Cabaret, and 12 Angry Men are films I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Blue Lagoon
2 What else is that about?	island, Randal Kleiser, Marooned
3 I rate indiana jones movies. Any other suggestions?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Shakespeare in Love, Sleepy Hollow, The Princess Bride, Moulin Rouge!, Pretty Woman, and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a violin movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red

1 I love Gone with the Wind, Pulp Fiction, A Beautiful Mind, City of God, Blow, The Bank Dick, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an Ed Harris movie.	Pollock
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Jennifer Connelly, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I rate Dennis Quaid movies. Any other suggestions?	The Right Stuff

1 I really liked MASH, Charade, The Return of Martin Guerre, The Sting, Stand by Me, Brazil, and Aliens. I'm looking for a James Ivory movie.	The Remains of the Day
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Spider-Man, Chicago, Requiem for a Dream, Full Metal Jacket, Trainspotting, and The Count of Monte Cristo. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Talented Mr. Ripley
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Minghella
3 I like Erik Skjoldbjærg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Insomnia

1 I liked Raise the Red Lantern, Clerks, Being John Malkovich, Big Night, Delicatessen, Watership Down, and An American Werewolf in London. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	Gremlins
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Steven Spielberg, christmas, Monsters, Joe Dante, gizmo
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saving Private Ryan

1 The Big Chill, My Cousin Vinny, The Terminator, Rain Man, The Breakfast Club, Life Is Beautiful, and West Side Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Whoopi Goldberg movie.	Jumpin' Jack Flash
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I prefer convent movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sister Act

1 Toy Story, Stand by Me, Empire Records, Rushmore, Little Shop of Horrors, Tommy Boy, and Fletch are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Super Troopers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jay Chandrasekhar
3 I prefer Devil movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bedazzled

1 A Close Shave, Ed Wood, Black Beauty, Heavenly Creatures, The Usual Suspects, Lone Star, and Babe are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Flirt
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Hartley
3 I like Kari Skogland movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Stone Angel

1 I love The Sixth Sense, On the Waterfront, Dances with Wolves, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Back to the Future, Notting Hill, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	All the President's Men
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford, book, Alan J. Pakula, Nixon, watergate, deep throat
3 I rate Kate Beckinsale movies. Any other suggestions?	Whiteout

1 I love Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jean de Florette, Some Like It Hot, The Hudsucker Proxy, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Unforgiven, and The Secret of Roan Inish. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer Peter Ettinger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lonely Street

1 Sixteen Candles, When Harry Met Sally..., Rain Man, The Silence of the Lambs, The Graduate, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and Goodfellas are films I really like. I'm looking for a Richard Donner movie.	The Goonies
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Steven Spielberg, Richard Donner
3 I prefer Danny Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lethal Weapon 2

1 Spirited Away, Good Will Hunting, American Beauty, Airplane!, The Simpsons Movie, Donnie Darko, and Spy Hard are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Scary Movie 4
2 Who is that directed by?	David Zucker
3 I prefer Walter Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brewster's Millions

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Reservoir Dogs, Menace II Society, The Sixth Sense, Saving Private Ryan, The Godfather, and Office Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Renny Harlin movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 What else is that about?	Action, Samuel L. Jackson, Geena Davis, Renny Harlin, Shane Black
3 I like mountains movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cliffhanger

1 I really liked Casablanca, The Truman Show, Airplane!, To Kill a Mockingbird, Rushmore, The Sixth Sense, and North by Northwest. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sixteen Candles
2 Who does that star?	Molly Ringwald, Michael Schoeffling
3 I prefer Jennifer Jason Leigh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 Paths of Glory, The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, Auntie Mame, The Thin Man, The Spiral Staircase, Of Mice and Men, and Trouble in Paradise are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Lady of Burlesque
2 Who is that directed by?	William A. Wellman
3 I prefer George Armitage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hit Man

1 I like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Alien, The Goonies, Conan the Barbarian, The Sixth Sense, The Birds, and American Graffiti. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lucky Number Slevin
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, r, Bruce Willis, Morgan Freeman, Hitman, Ben Kingsley, Lucy Liu, Stanley Tucci, Josh Hartnett
3 I prefer Michael Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rising Sun

1 American Beauty, Pulp Fiction, Gandhi, Manhattan, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Uys
3 I like Mike Newell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Four Weddings and a Funeral

1 Signs, Underworld, The Butterfly Effect, The Karate Kid, Inception, The Dark Knight, and Unbreakable are films I loved. I'm looking for a Bryce Dallas Howard movie.	Lady in the Water
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, M. Night Shyamalan, Paul Giamatti, Water, Bryce Dallas Howard
3 I rate Viola Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	The Help

1 Fargo, The Fifth Element, Forrest Gump, Hot Fuzz, The Boondock Saints, Inglourious Basterds, and Fight Club are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Princess Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Michel Gondry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Science of Sleep

1 Reservoir Dogs, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Pretty Woman, Fight Club, Speed, The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, and Clueless are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tim Roth movie.	Everyone Says I Love You
2 Who does that star?	Edward Norton, Drew Barrymore
3 I prefer Tim Roth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Broken

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Toy Story, Ransom, Wayne's World, Stargate, Parenthood, and Arlington Road are films I love. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	A View to a Kill
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Christopher Walken, bond, Roger Moore, John Glen
3 I prefer 007 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Never Say Never Again

1 With Honors, The Rock, Enemy of the State, Con Air, The Three Musketeers, Forrest Gump, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Dennis Quaid movie.	Wyatt Earp
2 What else is that about?	Western, Gene Hackman, Kevin Costner, Dennis Quaid
3 I rate science fiction movies. Any other suggestions?	Enemy Mine

1 I love Some Like It Hot, The Avengers, Crimson Tide, The Silence of the Lambs, Amélie, American Beauty, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Romeo and Juliet
2 Who does that star?	Olivia Hussey, Leonard Whiting
3 I like Julianne Nicholson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flannel Pajamas

1 Seven Samurai, Boogie Nights, There Will Be Blood, Once Upon a Time in the West, Pulp Fiction, The Big Lebowski, and Inception are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Sunset
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy
3 I rate Grant Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	The Incredible Shrinking Man

1 Shrek 2, Lost in Translation, West Side Story, The Royal Tenenbaums, Amélie, The Bourne Identity, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a mormon movie.	Latter Days
2 What else is that about?	gay, mormon, Jacqueline Bisset

1 I really like Platoon, Airplane!, Young Guns II, The Exorcist, Misery, Deliverance, and Black Hawk Down. I'm looking for a James Stewart movie.	The Flight of the Phoenix
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Richard Attenborough, Hardy Krüger, Peter Finch
3 I like Charles Winninger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Destry Rides Again

1 I love Aladdin, Pretty Woman, The Fugitive, Jurassic Park, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and Jumanji. I'm looking for a Jim Carrey movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I like Peyton Reed movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yes Man

1 Memento, The Great Escape, The Usual Suspects, Top Gun, The Wizard of Oz, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Mary Poppins are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 2 movie.	Chicken Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park, Peter Lord
3 I rate Ridley Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Blade Runner

1 Big Night, Saving Private Ryan, The Secret of Roan Inish, Roman Holiday, Fight Club, The Exorcist, and Apocalypse Now are films I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, light, Gene Kelly, Stanley Donen
3 I rate Holiday movies. Any other suggestions?	Holiday Inn

1 The Fugitive, Clueless, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Sense and Sensibility, Dances with Wolves, Babe, and The Birdcage are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Philadelphia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Tom Hanks, homosexuality, Denzel Washington, aids, homophobia, Jonathan Demme, demme
3 I like dvd movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Constant Gardener

1 I watched the films Rear Window, Arsenic and Old Lace, Bringing Up Baby, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Double Indemnity, Halloween, and Reservoir Dogs and loved them. I'm looking for a John Sayles movie.	Eight Men Out
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, John Sayles
3 I like coal miners movies more. Do you know anything else?	Matewan

1 Memento, Casablanca, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, The Godfather, Saving Private Ryan, and Braveheart are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, own, Italian, foreign, foreign language, tragic, Roberto Benigni, father
3 I rate François Truffaut movies. Any other suggestions?	The Soft Skin

1 Vertigo, Dick, Election, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Buffalo '66, Love and Death on Long Island, and Muriel's Wedding are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bound
2 What else is that about?	lesbian, mafia, directorial debut, lesbian character, Gina Gershon, Jennifer Tilly
3 I rate Alex Cox movies. Any other suggestions?	Repo Man

1 I liked Peter Pan, Men in Black, The Sixth Sense, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Contact, His Girl Friday, and Monster. I'm looking for a Catherine Breillat movie.	Fat Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	Catherine Breillat

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, Goodfellas, In the Name of the Father, Taxi Driver, The Mission, Dog Day Afternoon, and Mystic River. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Perks of Being a Wallflower
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Chbosky
3 I prefer Thomas McCarthy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cobbler

1 Phat Beach, A Streetcar Named Desire, Rebel Without a Cause, Alphaville, The American President, Total Eclipse, and The Spitfire Grill are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Big Bully
2 Who does that star?	Rick Moranis, Tom Arnold
3 I prefer Matt Damon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Informant!

1 Terms of Endearment, Miss Congeniality, Vertical Limit, Gladiator, For the Boys, Quills, and The Madness of King George are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bachelor Party
2 Who is that directed by?	Neal Israel
3 I like Robert Bierman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Vampire's Kiss

1 Sling Blade, SubUrbia, The Usual Suspects, Short Cuts, Blue Velvet, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bayou movie.	Down by Law
2 What else is that about?	slow, Jim Jarmusch, Tom Waits, Roberto Benigni, bayou

1 Braveheart, The Lion King, The Net, The Piano, Stargate, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	Jurassic Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Tobe Hooper movies. Any other suggestions?	Poltergeist

1 Stand by Me, Castle in the Sky, Central Station, Wonder Boys, City of God, Lost in Translation, and Trainspotting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, George Raft
3 I prefer Terence Stamp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert

1 It's a Wonderful Life, Fantasia, Beverly Hills Cop, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Casablanca, Rear Window, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mary Tyler Moore movie.	Ordinary People
2 What else is that about?	Family, Robert Redford, Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Timothy Hutton

1 Duck Soup, Fight Club, Rain Man, The Usual Suspects, Memento, Some Like It Hot, and Requiem for a Dream are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roman Holiday
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I rate Garry Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	Dear God

1 I love Angel-A, Oldboy, Grindhouse, Persepolis, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Lives of Others, and Crash. I'm looking for an Action movie.	V for Vendetta
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, murder, r, story, Natalie Portman, political, script, unique, Revolution, Hugo Weaving, dc comics, freedom, Alan Moore, Mask, graphic novel, dystopian, revolutionary, protest
3 I like plot movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Expendables

1 Last Night, Fargo, The Matrix, Face/Off, A Perfect Murder, Casino, and Lethal Weapon are films I loved. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Dr. No
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery
3 I prefer Ralph Fiennes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Skyfall

1 Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, The First Wives Club, Kingpin, Bordello of Blood, Grumpier Old Men, Mary Reilly, and Space Jam are films I really like. I'm looking for a Pauly Shore movie.	Bio-Dome
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I rate Brendan Fraser movies. Any other suggestions?	Encino Man

1 So I Married an Axe Murderer, The Birdcage, Happy Gilmore, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pulp Fiction, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Dances with Wolves are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I prefer Shari Springer Berman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cinema Verite

1 I really liked Bonnie and Clyde, Back to the Future Part II, Babe, Splash, Gaslight, The Godfather, and A Christmas Story. I'm looking for a Giuseppe Tornatore movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giuseppe Tornatore, cinema
3 I rate Gérard Depardieu movies. Any other suggestions?	A Pure Formality

1 Apollo 13, Aladdin, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate pixar movies. Any other suggestions?	A Bug's Life

1 The Grapes of Wrath, Sleepless in Seattle, The Mask of Zorro, The African Queen, The Mission, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Jungle Book are movies I love. I'm looking for a scotland movie.	Local Hero
2 Who does that star?	Burt Lancaster, Peter Riegert, Denis Lawson, Fulton Mackay
3 I like Conor McCarron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Neds

1 Arlington Road, Army of Darkness, MASH, Evil Dead II, Saving Private Ryan, Unforgiven, and Die Hard are films I love. I'm looking for a kurt vonnegut movie.	Slaughterhouse-Five
2 What else is that about?	George Roy Hill, kurt vonnegut
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breakfast of Champions

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Fantasia, The Sixth Sense, Almost Famous, Mary Poppins, Dead Poets Society, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Rowland V. Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Captain Kidd

1 I watched the films Titanic, It's My Party, Grease, The Birdcage, Mallrats, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Army of Darkness and loved them. I'm looking for a Robert Young movie.	Fierce Creatures
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Palin, Fred Schepisi, zoo, Robert Young
3 I rate Oscar Wilde movies. Any other suggestions?	The Canterville Ghost

1 Army of Darkness, Rosemary's Baby, Candyman, Dune, The Goonies, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Hellraiser
2 Who is that directed by?	Clive Barker
3 I rate Kevin Greutert movies. Any other suggestions?	Saw VI

1 Young Frankenstein, The Green Mile, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, U-571, Star Trek, Casablanca, and A Few Good Men are films I like. I'm looking for a Denholm Elliott movie.	Trading Places
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Denholm Elliott
3 I prefer Alison Doody movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

1 Braveheart, Toy Story, Aliens, The Boondock Saints, Fight Club, True Romance, and Face/Off are films I liked. I'm looking for an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.	Total Recall
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sharon Stone, Ronny Cox, Rachel Ticotin
3 I rate Jason Statham movies. Any other suggestions?	The Expendables 3

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Brazil, Ghostbusters, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Flirting with Disaster, Cinema Paradiso, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I like William Wyler movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Collector

1 Ransom, Event Horizon, Scream 2, What Women Want, The Fifth Element, The Fugitive, and Congo are movies I like. I'm looking for a Sarah Michelle Gellar movie.	I Know What You Did Last Summer
2 What else is that about?	Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Phillippe, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Freddie Prinze Jr.
3 I like Kevin Bacon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Air I Breathe

1 Gladiator, The Rock, The Dark Knight, The Shawshank Redemption, Stargate, The Lion King, and Shakespeare in Love are films I loved. I'm looking for a story movie.	Star Trek
2 What else is that about?	Action, time travel, Adventure, space, franchise, alternate reality, future, story, long, Star Trek, plot, Leonard Nimoy, Eric Bana, reboot, pace, spock, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, beginning, production
3 I like Martin Campbell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mask of Zorro

1 The Sound of Music, The Shawshank Redemption, Casablanca, Romeo + Juliet, Meet the Parents, Good Will Hunting, and The Breakfast Club are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate disaster movies. Any other suggestions?	The Perfect Storm

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, Requiem for a Dream, Shrek, My Neighbor Totoro, Spirited Away, and Fight Club are films I really like. I'm looking for a Grace movie.	Dogville
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Nicole Kidman, Lars von Trier, James Caan, Grace

1 I love Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, The Green Mile, Old School, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Dark Knight, and Office Space. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	We Were Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Randall Wallace
3 I rate John Singleton movies. Any other suggestions?	Poetic Justice

1 I liked Peggy Sue Got Married, Running Scared, Bachelor Party, Chicken Run, Romancing the Stone, Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, and Big. I'm looking for a Tim Burton movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 Who does that star?	Paul Reubens, Elizabeth Daily, Mark Holton, Diane Salinger
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dark Shadows

1 Being There, Pulp Fiction, Cinema Paradiso, The Dirty Dozen, Down by Law, Midnight Cowboy, and The Killing Fields are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rebecca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, Gothic, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, 3, Laurence Olivier, Joan Fontaine
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Machine

1 American Beauty, American Pie, Heart and Souls, But I'm a Cheerleader, Stand by Me, Priest, and To Catch a Thief are films I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Australia, Hugo Weaving, lgbt, Guy Pearce, drag, drag queens, Terence Stamp
3 I rate shakespeare movies. Any other suggestions?	West Side Story

1 Downfall, Fargo, The Lion King, Gandhi, Malèna, A Christmas Story, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I really liked. I'm looking for a kenya movie.	Nowhere in Africa
2 What else is that about?	r, africa, kenya, Caroline Link
3 I like dvd movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Constant Gardener

1 My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Traffic, Memento, The Sound of Music, Office Space, Mary Poppins, and Billy Elliot are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zoolander
2 Who does that star?	Ben Stiller
3 I rate Max Elliott Slade movies. Any other suggestions?	3 Ninjas

1 I like Shrek, Life Is Beautiful, A Beautiful Mind, Monsters, Inc., The Incredibles, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a Music movie.	My Fair Lady
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Musical, story, Broadway, best picture, George Cukor, George Bernard Shaw
3 I rate The Band movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Waltz

1 The Mask, The City of Lost Children, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Carlito's Way, Forrest Gump, Les Misérables, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Mary Shelley's Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Frankenstein
3 I like French movies more. Do you know anything else?	High Tension

1 Underground, Smoke, Blue in the Face, and Flirt are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Hal Hartley movie.	Amateur
2 What else is that about?	Hal Hartley
3 I rate Sarah Polley movies. Any other suggestions?	No Such Thing

1 Toy Story 2, Rain Man, The Blair Witch Project, Fargo, Ghostbusters, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Varsity Blues
2 What else is that about?	High School, sports, football, Texas
3 I prefer Neve Campbell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	When Will I Be Loved

1 The Usual Suspects, Rain Man, The Dark Knight, Forrest Gump, The Big Lebowski, The Terminator, and Cool Hand Luke are films I really liked. I'm looking for a mtv movie.	Jackass Number Two
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Knoxville, mtv, pranks
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Æon Flux

1 I like Hero, Zombieland, Apocalypse Now, Ray, The Wrestler, Sideways, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a series movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 Who does that star?	Julie Kavner, Yeardley Smith, Dan Castellaneta, Nancy Cartwright
3 I prefer Daniel Radcliffe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince

1 Lord of War, Runaway Jury, Inside Man, The Bourne Identity, The Machinist, Groundhog Day, and The Sixth Sense are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Charlie Wilson's War
2 What else is that about?	True Story, History, r, Tom Hanks, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Julia Roberts, cia, Amy Adams, afghanistan, Mike Nichols, Aaron Sorkin, covert operation, congress
3 I rate Yves Allégret movies. Any other suggestions?	Dédée d'Anvers

1 Dave, Shakespeare in Love, The Matrix, Clerks, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Wrong Trousers are films I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Waiting for Guffman
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Christopher Guest, Fred Willard, Eugene Levy, Parker Posey
3 I rate rock opera movies. Any other suggestions?	Repo! The Genetic Opera

1 I watched the films Planet of the Apes, The Shining, Run Lola Run, Hard Boiled, Akira, Blade Runner, and Dune and loved them. I'm looking for a r movie.	Trust
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Hartley
3 I rate David Slade movies. Any other suggestions?	30 Days of Night

1 Annie Hall, Tootsie, Pleasantville, Charade, The Sound of Music, Sleepless in Seattle, and South Pacific are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I prefer Kevin Lima movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Goofy Movie

1 I liked Apocalypse Now, Clerks, Sid and Nancy, Unbreakable, Rushmore, Heathers, and Say Anything.... I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Own Private Idaho
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I rate Garry Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	Beaches

1 Reservoir Dogs, American Beauty, Rear Window, The Truman Show, The Hudsucker Proxy, To Catch a Thief, and Dogma are films I really like. I'm looking for a Frank Capra movie.	It Happened One Night
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Romantic Comedy, screwball comedy, Frank Capra, screwball, best picture, Clark Gable, bus, Claudette Colbert
3 I rate Barbara Stanwyck movies. Any other suggestions?	The Miracle Woman

1 Shaun of the Dead, Donnie Darko, Fight Club, The Godfather, American Beauty, Sin City, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I rate Jude Law movies. Any other suggestions?	Shopping

1 I really like The Terminator, North by Northwest, The Truman Show, The Godfather, Blue Velvet, A Clockwork Orange, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 What else is that about?	Ang Lee
3 I rate Chinese movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wedding Banquet

1 A Christmas Story, A Close Shave, Dead Poets Society, Dead Man Walking, The Wrong Trousers, The Shawshank Redemption, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I rate Stevie Wermers movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ballad of Nessie

1 The Substitute, Mr. Holland's Opus, Jerry Maguire, Legends of the Fall, Braveheart, Killing Zoe, and Romeo + Juliet are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a denver movie.	Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead
2 What else is that about?	denver
3 I like colorado movies more. Do you know anything else?	Imagine That

1 Threesome, Zero Effect, Rushmore, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Dune, Citizen Kane, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Third Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Carol Reed
3 I rate Prince movies. Any other suggestions?	Graffiti Bridge

1 I like Desperately Seeking Susan, Boys Don't Cry, It Happened One Night, Priest, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Mosquito Coast, and Erin Brockovich. I'm looking for a John Boulting movie.	I'm All Right Jack
2 Who is that directed by?	John Boulting
3 I like Roy Boulting movies more. Do you know anything else?	Seven Days to Noon

1 American History X, Deconstructing Harry, Walkabout, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Hunt for Red October, Braveheart, and Quiz Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Age of Innocence
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Martin Scorsese, Michelle Pfeiffer, Edith Wharton
3 I prefer Vivien Leigh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Streetcar Named Desire

1 North by Northwest, Psycho, Reservoir Dogs, The Night of the Hunter, Blue Velvet, Mulholland Drive, and Vertigo are films I really like. I'm looking for a David Lynch movie.	Wild at Heart
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lynch

1 Breaking Away, Election, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, La Femme Nikita, Gandhi, Best in Show, and Cool Hand Luke are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Minority Report
2 What else is that about?	Crime, murder, Mystery, Police, future, dvd, Steven Spielberg, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Philip K. Dick, spielberg, technology, Colin Farrell, Max von Sydow, Samantha Morton
3 I prefer meta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Education

1 I watched the films True Lies, Big, Lethal Weapon, The African Queen, The Wrong Trousers, Alice in Wonderland, and The Princess Bride and loved them. I'm looking for a Blake Edwards movie.	Operation Petticoat
2 Who is that directed by?	Blake Edwards

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Aladdin, Good Will Hunting, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Black Beauty, The Sound of Music, and True Lies are films I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Quest for Camelot
2 What else is that about?	Animation
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pinocchio

1 I love Killing Zoe, Paint Your Wagon, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Chicken Run, Cape Fear, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Old Yeller. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Big Sleep
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I prefer Elia Kazan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Streetcar Named Desire

1 Shrek, The Shawshank Redemption, Trainspotting, American Beauty, The Wrong Trousers, Pulp Fiction, and As Good as It Gets are films I liked. I'm looking for an aardman movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wrong Trousers

1 Pulp Fiction, The Lion King, How to Train Your Dragon, The Dark Knight, The Godfather, and Inception are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Django Unchained
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, Quentin Tarantino, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Samuel L. Jackson, long, Western, Epic, brutal, spaghetti western, Christoph Waltz, Jamie Foxx, Oscar
3 I like John Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hurricane

1 I loved The Iron Giant, Road to Perdition, The Evil Dead, The Year of Living Dangerously, The Kentucky Fried Movie, American Beauty, and Of Mice and Men. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Slap Shot
2 What else is that about?	hockey, George Roy Hill
3 I like Robin Williams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fathers' Day

1 Rushmore, Edward Scissorhands, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Eyes Wide Shut, and Life Is Beautiful are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I like Robin Williams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mrs. Doubtfire

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Fifth Element, Pan's Labyrinth, Ghostbusters, Alien, and Fight Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 Who does that star?	Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, Klaus Wennemann
3 I prefer Robert Strauss movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stalag 17

1 Amélie, In the Name of the Father, The Tenant, Trainspotting, Gandhi, Fight Club, and The Odd Couple are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Poets Society
2 What else is that about?	Drama, story, Robin Williams, own, school, teacher, poetry, Peter Weir, teaching
3 I like Cary Grant movies more. Do you know anything else?	Penny Serenade

1 I liked Toy Story 2, Rififi, Saturday Night and Sunday Morning, The Passion of Joan of Arc, Persuasion, The Great Escape, and Badlands. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Lavender Hill Mob
2 Who does that star?	Alec Guinness, Stanley Holloway, Alfie Bass
3 I like Clark Gable movies more. Do you know anything else?	It Started in Naples

1 I watched the films Halloween, The Breakfast Club, Double Jeopardy, Fatal Attraction, Psycho, Stand by Me, and Houseguest and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Money Pit
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, Richard Benjamin, Shelley Long
3 I rate Alec Guinness movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lavender Hill Mob

1 Antonia's Line, My Life as a Dog, Leaving Las Vegas, Lone Star, The Madness of King George, Emma, and A Clockwork Orange are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Left Foot
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cerebral, Fiona Shaw, Jim Sheridan, cerebral palsy
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Sabrina

1 Divorce Italian Style, City of God, The Kid, The Shawshank Redemption, Talk to Her, Amarcord, and A Separation are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a small town movie.	I Vitelloni
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini
3 I rate Michael Traeger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Amateurs

1 Phenomenon, One Fine Day, The Island of Dr. Moreau, The Godfather, Four Rooms, Primal Fear, and Jerry Maguire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Keaton movie.	Multiplicity
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Harold Ramis, Andie MacDowell
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Batman

1 I love The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Singin' in the Rain, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Elephant Man, The Apartment, Psycho, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a War movie.	La Grande Illusion
2 What else is that about?	War, world war i, Jean Renoir, prisoners of war
3 I prefer Bahman Ghobadi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Time for Drunken Horses

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sleeper, Die Hard 2, In the Line of Fire, Aliens, Aladdin, and Cliffhanger are films I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Manhattan Murder Mystery
2 What else is that about?	Mystery, Woody Allen, murder mystery
3 I rate Robert Young movies. Any other suggestions?	The Second Woman

1 Space Cowboys, Die Hard, Re-Animator, Lethal Weapon, L.A. Confidential, The Jackal, and The Man with the Golden Gun are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Private Benjamin
2 What else is that about?	Goldie Hawn
3 I like Kevin Spacey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swimming with Sharks

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Shawshank Redemption, Roman Holiday, Sense and Sensibility, Runaway Bride, Tortilla Soup, and The Secret in Their Eyes are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Calendar Girls
2 What else is that about?	True Story, based on a true story, british, Helen Mirren
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ruthless People

1 Training Day, Memento, Men in Black, Billy Madison, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Untouchables, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Son in Law
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I like franchise movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scary Movie 4

1 I love Eat Drink Man Woman, Shallow Grave, The Piano, Much Ado About Nothing, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Death and the Maiden
2 What else is that about?	Roman Polanski
3 I prefer Al Pacino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Any Given Sunday

1 Rashomon, Shakespeare in Love, Fight Club, Magnolia, Eraserhead, Spirited Away, and Donnie Darko are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rushmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, Bill Murray, Love, Wes Anderson, teacher, Jason Schwartzman, 2, Olivia Williams
3 I rate stoner movies. Any other suggestions?	Friday

1 Sabrina, Much Ado About Nothing, Junior, Happy Gilmore, Before Sunrise, Phenomenon, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Paper
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Sydney Pollack movies more. Do you know anything else?	They Shoot Horses, Don't They?

1 I loved Midnight Express, Rocky, Saving Private Ryan, Raising Arizona, The Terminator, Sling Blade, and Lethal Weapon. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Logan's Run
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dystopia, 70mm, science fiction, avi, Michael York, Michael Anderson, Peter Ustinov, Jenny Agutter, Farrah Fawcett
3 I like vietnam movies more. Do you know anything else?	Off Limits

1 Kiki's Delivery Service, The English Patient, Donnie Darko, Nineteen Eighty-Four, Dogtooth, My Summer of Love, and Naked Lunch are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Happening
2 What else is that about?	r, M. Night Shyamalan, disaster
3 I like Michael Haneke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Funny Games

1 Rudy, The Crow, The Shawshank Redemption, In the Line of Fire, Nobody's Fool, Toy Story, and Get Shorty are films I really liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	A Goofy Movie
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Lima
3 I like David Hand movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bambi

1 A Walk in the Clouds, Jurassic Park, The Fugitive, The Piano, Apollo 13, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for a chess movie.	Searching for Bobby Fischer
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Zaillian
3 I rate Marleen Gorris movies. Any other suggestions?	The Luzhin Defence

1 Roman Holiday, Almost Famous, The Muppets Take Manhattan, A Bug's Life, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Life Is Beautiful, and Say Anything... are films I loved. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Tao of Steve
2 Who is that directed by?	Jenniphr Goodman
3 I rate Daniel Algrant movies. Any other suggestions?	People I Know

1 Say Anything..., Conspiracy Theory, Conan the Barbarian, Tin Men, Muriel's Wedding, Clear and Present Danger, and The Lawnmower Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Leguizamo movie.	Spawn
2 Who does that star?	John Leguizamo, Martin Sheen, Theresa Randle, Michael Jai White
3 I prefer Ray Romano movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ice Age

1 Man on the Moon, The Usual Suspects, Inglourious Basterds, and The Godfather are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Proof of Life
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, David Morse, Meg Ryan
3 I prefer Richard Crenna movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rambo III

1 The Rock, Armageddon, The Blues Brothers, Sneakers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wizard of Oz, and Twister are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Anaconda
2 Who does that star?	Jon Voight, Jennifer Lopez, Ice Cube, Eric Stoltz
3 I rate Clark Duke movies. Any other suggestions?	Hot Tub Time Machine

1 Rebecca, L.A. Confidential, Life Is Beautiful, Minority Report, Three Kings, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Welcome to the Dollhouse are films I liked. I'm looking for an André Téchiné movie.	Wild Reeds
2 Who is that directed by?	André Téchiné

1 I really liked The Color Purple, The Notebook, The Butterfly Effect, American History X, Catch Me If You Can, The Usual Suspects, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand and Deliver
2 Who does that star?	Edward James Olmos
3 I rate Donald O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	There's No Business Like Show Business

1 Bad Taste, Memento, Downfall, The Wild Bunch, Cemetery Man, Requiem for a Dream, and Princess Mononoke are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Klaus Kinski movie.	The Great Silence
2 What else is that about?	spaghetti western, snow, Klaus Kinski
3 I like vampire movies more. Do you know anything else?	Vampire in Venice

1 Footloose, Blade Runner, Parenthood, The Karate Kid, Poltergeist, Adventures in Babysitting, and Witness are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Avengers
2 Who does that star?	Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth
3 I prefer James Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shopworn Angel

1 I really liked The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Office Space, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Glengarry Glen Ross, Annie Hall, Inception, and On Golden Pond. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Heist
2 What else is that about?	Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, David Mamet
3 I rate Channing Tatum movies. Any other suggestions?	21 Jump Street

1 Princess Mononoke, Slumdog Millionaire, What Women Want, Ratatouille, Serendipity, Thank You for Smoking, and The Usual Suspects are films I liked. I'm looking for an ocean movie.	Ocean's Eleven
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Brad Pitt, ensemble cast, Matt Damon, Heist, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, ocean, Steven Soderbergh, Don Cheadle
3 I rate Documentary movies. Any other suggestions?	The Living Sea

1 The African Queen, In the Heat of the Night, Shakespeare in Love, Vertigo, Lawrence of Arabia, The Adventures of Robin Hood, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Swiss Family Robinson
2 Who does that star?	John Mills, Dorothy McGuire, Janet Munro, James MacArthur
3 I like William Baldwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Plumm Summer

1 I liked The Princess Bride, Sabrina, Music and Lyrics, Good Will Hunting, Maverick, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Richard Eyre movie.	Stage Beauty
2 What else is that about?	r, Richard Eyre
3 I prefer Jim Broadbent movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Iris

1 Fantastic Mr. Fox, Mulan, Requiem for a Dream, Mean Girls, The Other Guys, The Illusionist, and Bringing Out the Dead are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It's Kind of a Funny Story
2 Who does that star?	Keir Gilchrist
3 I prefer Jamie Lee Curtis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beverly Hills Chihuahua

1 I love Tarzan, Philadelphia, I, Robot, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Shrek 2, Saw IV, and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I'm looking for a Julie Benz movie.	Saw V
2 What else is that about?	franchise, Julie Benz
3 I like murder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jawbreaker

1 No Country for Old Men, The Girl Next Door, Life Is Beautiful, Braveheart, I Am Legend, The Sting, and The Departed are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Layer Cake
2 What else is that about?	r, british, directorial debut, Matthew Vaughn
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Son of a Gun

1 Jane Eyre, Mr. Holland's Opus, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Lion King, Jurassic Park, The River Wild, and Event Horizon are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Fan
2 Who does that star?	James Garner, Lauren Bacall, Maureen Stapleton
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mad City

1 Braveheart, Schindler's List, How to Make an American Quilt, Beauty and the Beast, The Man Without a Face, Jurassic Park, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Secret of Roan Inish
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles
3 I like Edward Buzzell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confidentially Connie

1 The Night of the Hunter, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Blade Runner, Nixon, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, A Grand Day Out, and Once are films I really liked. I'm looking for a William Hurt movie.	Body Heat
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer Ken Russell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Altered States

1 The Graduate, Lawrence of Arabia, The Deer Hunter, North by Northwest, Two Weeks Notice, Forbidden Planet, and Apollo 13 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Always
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Thom Fitzgerald movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Event

1 Clear and Present Danger, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, Apollo 13, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I like Hilary Swank movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Gift

1 Children of Heaven, Rear Window, The Sweet Hereafter, Oscar and Lucinda, Crash, Moulin Rouge!, and The Straight Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Steven Soderbergh movie.	Traffic
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh

1 I really like Monsoon Wedding, Back to the Future, The Princess Bride, Shakespeare in Love, Fight Club, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 What else is that about?	William Friedkin
3 I prefer Emile Hirsch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killer Joe

1 Citizen Ruth, The Ice Storm, The Big Tease, The Dark Crystal, Requiem for a Dream, The Muppet Movie, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I love. I'm looking for a Rutger Hauer movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I rate John Hurt movies. Any other suggestions?	The Osterman Weekend

1 I liked Cocoon, Independence Day, The Abyss, Starship Troopers, The War of the Worlds, The Fly, and The Thing from Another World. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Super Mario Bros.
2 Who is that directed by?	Annabel Jankel, Rocky Morton
3 I rate Jon Favreau movies. Any other suggestions?	Made

1 Ben-Hur, Manhattan, Hoop Dreams, Diva, Ghostbusters, The Sting, and Frankenstein are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Favorite Year
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Peter O'Toole, Richard Benjamin
3 I like Maggie Gyllenhaal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Away We Go

1 I really like The Emperor's New Groove, Sin City, Equilibrium, The Dark Knight, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a visual movie.	300
2 Who does that star?	Gerard Butler, Lena Headey, David Wenham
3 I rate Brian Cox movies. Any other suggestions?	Manhunter

1 I watched the films Dazed and Confused, Batman, Field of Dreams, Spaceballs, The Ghost and the Darkness, The Usual Suspects, and The Poseidon Adventure and loved them. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Superman II
2 What else is that about?	superhero, super-hero, Gene Hackman, Superman, Christopher Reeve
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Package

1 The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Scarface, Midnight Run, Grease, Chariots of Fire, Once Upon a Time in the West, and Blazing Saddles are films I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Alice
2 Who is that directed by?	Marco Martins
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Alien, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Rushmore, Dances with Wolves, Aliens, Ghostbusters, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Backdraft
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Ron Howard, firefighters
3 I rate Dragon movies. Any other suggestions?	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon

1 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Shawshank Redemption, The Last of the Mohicans, Air Force One, La Femme Nikita, Reservoir Dogs, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Patton
2 Who does that star?	George C. Scott, Karl Malden
3 I like Farhan Akhtar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bhaag Milkha Bhaag

1 Full Metal Jacket, The Princess Bride, Magnolia, Citizen Kane, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Big Lebowski, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Dangerous Liaisons
2 Who does that star?	Cecilia Cheung
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Life Is Beautiful, Pulp Fiction, Avatar, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Forrest Gump, Dead Poets Society, and The Deer Hunter are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cinderella Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate George Stevens movies. Any other suggestions?	Giant

1 The Sting, Splash, Galaxy Quest, The Exorcist, Papillon, Liar Liar, and Annie Hall are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Animal House
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I prefer Frank Coraci movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Singer

1 Unforgiven, Mulan, Enemy of the State, Blazing Saddles, Batman Returns, Labyrinth, and The Crow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dance, Brothers, Stanley Donen
3 I prefer Sidney Lumet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sea Gull

1 I really liked Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, The Princess Bride, Chasing Amy, Pump Up the Volume, Mallrats, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jersey Girl
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Will Smith, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Jennifer Lopez, George Carlin
3 I prefer fraternity movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Revenge of the Nerds

1 Ghost in the Shell, Outbreak, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, Toy Story, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Lana Turner
3 I rate Johnny Knoxville movies. Any other suggestions?	Father of Invention

1 Chinatown, The Wizard of Oz, Dances with Wolves, Jaws, Annie Hall, Goldfinger, and The Last Emperor are films I really liked. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Notorious
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Claude Rains, Ingrid Bergman
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bourne Ultimatum

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Aliens, The Silence of the Lambs, The Princess Bride, The Godfather, and Alien are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Humphrey Bogart movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Gold
3 I rate Lauren Bacall movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Sleep

1 I liked The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Graduate, Fargo, North by Northwest, Inglourious Basterds, Chinatown, and The Deer Hunter. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I rate Elia Kazan movies. Any other suggestions?	On the Waterfront

1 Duck Soup, 8½, Lawrence of Arabia, Castle in the Sky, Spirited Away, Citizen Kane, and Seven Samurai are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Shirley MacLaine movie.	Irma la Douce
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder
3 I prefer James L. Brooks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Terms of Endearment

1 Jaws, The Breakfast Club, The Fugitive, Big, Back to the Future, Stand by Me, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I prefer John Lithgow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harry and the Hendersons

1 A Streetcar Named Desire, Goodfellas, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Aliens, Jacob's Ladder, and Toy Story 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Woo movie.	Hard Boiled
2 What else is that about?	Action, undercover cop, hong kong, John Woo, gunfight, style, tony leung
3 I like Takeshi Kaneshiro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Red Cliff

1 Tommy Boy, Sense and Sensibility, Behind Enemy Lines, True Lies, Boogie Nights, Shrek, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really like. I'm looking for a Julia Roberts movie.	The Pelican Brief
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Denzel Washington, Julia Roberts, John Grisham, Alan J. Pakula
3 I like History movies more. Do you know anything else?	Charlie Wilson's War

1 Raising Arizona, The Jungle Book, The Princess Bride, The Jerk, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Secret of Roan Inish, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a parody movie.	Airplane!
2 Who is that directed by?	David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, Jim Abrahams
3 I like Peter Howitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny English

1 The Departed, American Beauty, Fight Club, and The Dark Knight are films I really liked. I'm looking for a jamaica movie.	Cool Runnings
2 What else is that about?	sports, olympics, John Candy, jamaica, Jon Turteltaub, bobsled

1 Heat, Dave, Leaving Las Vegas, The Mask, Crimson Tide, Forrest Gump, and Natural Born Killers are films I really like. I'm looking for a Roger Donaldson movie.	Species
2 What else is that about?	Alien, Ben Kingsley, Roger Donaldson
3 I prefer cuban missile crisis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thirteen Days

1 I like A Clockwork Orange, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Shakespeare in Love, Brazil, Lawrence of Arabia, Ben-Hur, and Nineteen Eighty-Four. I'm looking for an Aliens movie.	Plan 9 from Outer Space
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, zombie, Bela Lugosi, worst movie ever, Ed Wood
3 I like Milla Jovovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fourth Kind

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Swiss Family Robinson, Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast, Outbreak, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Pollyanna are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Parent Trap
2 What else is that about?	disney, Divorce, Twins, Lindsay Lohan, Dennis Quaid, Nancy Meyers, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate dreamworks animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Shrek

1 Psycho, 8½, The Lives of Others, Schindler's List, The Blues Brothers, Spartacus, and Wings of Desire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who is that directed by?	Olivier Nakache
3 I prefer François Truffaut movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jules and Jim

1 Wrongfully Accused, The Butterfly Effect, L.A. Confidential, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, Once Upon a Time in America, and Dogma are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Bill Murray movie.	Garfield
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Hewitt
3 I rate Harold Ramis movies. Any other suggestions?	Groundhog Day

1 The Wizard of Oz, The Graduate, Saving Private Ryan, Pulp Fiction, A Few Good Men, Fletch, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	City of Angels
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Silberling
3 I prefer Phil Alden Robinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Field of Dreams

1 I really liked Trust, Charade, La Haine, North by Northwest, The Killer, High Art, and Strange Days. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	All Quiet on the Western Front
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, world war i, Lewis Milestone
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tootsie

1 Moonstruck, Goodfellas, Fargo, The Manchurian Candidate, Much Ado About Nothing, Dead Man Walking, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 Who does that star?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol
3 I rate Mischa Barton movies. Any other suggestions?	Lawn Dogs

1 I really like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Silence of the Lambs, Die Hard 2, The Manchurian Candidate, Groundhog Day, The Sting, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a James Stewart movie.	The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, library, national film registry, Western, James Stewart, John Wayne, John Ford, Lee Marvin, Edmond O'Brien
3 I rate George C. Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Anatomy of a Murder

1 The Mummy, Girls Just Want to Have Fun, The Maltese Falcon, Velvet Goldmine, Forrest Gump, Election, and The Thomas Crown Affair are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Muppets from Space
2 What else is that about?	franchise, muppets
3 I like Wesley Ruggles movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Confession

1 Full Metal Jacket, Platoon, The Usual Suspects, The Sixth Sense, The Terminator, Go, and Rounders are films I loved. I'm looking for a fraternity movie.	Animal House
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, national film registry, College, Kevin Bacon, national lampoon, fraternity, John Landis, John Belushi
3 I rate dance movies. Any other suggestions?	Stomp the Yard

1 Young Frankenstein, A Fish Called Wanda, Philadelphia, The Mummy, The Iron Giant, The Wizard of Oz, and A Christmas Story are films I liked. I'm looking for a Baz Luhrmann movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Baz Luhrmann, red curtain trilogy
3 I rate story movies. Any other suggestions?	Australia

1 Babe, To Die For, Serpico, Pulp Fiction, Hercules, Muriel's Wedding, and Sling Blade are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bowfinger
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I rate Melvin Frank movies. Any other suggestions?	The Reformer and the Redhead

1 I really liked U-571, Rocky IV, Rules of Engagement, Forrest Gump, Gladiator, Hook, and Demolition Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amistad
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, historical, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, united states
3 I rate Niels Arestrup movies. Any other suggestions?	You Will Be My Son

1 Gladiator, The NeverEnding Story, Shrek, Men in Black, Beauty and the Beast, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Cast Away are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint
3 I rate Jessica Lange movies. Any other suggestions?	King Kong

1 I like The Untouchables, The Godfather, Chinatown, Lone Star, Die Hard, Rushmore, and Heavenly Creatures. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Run Lola Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Tykwer
3 I rate Eric Heisserer movies. Any other suggestions?	Hours

1 I loved Reservoir Dogs, La Femme Nikita, The Big Lebowski, Go, Clerks, The Truman Show, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a gilliam movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I prefer Terry Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monty Python and the Holy Grail

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Election, Deliverance, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Grifters, Sophie's Choice, and The Manchurian Candidate are movies I like. I'm looking for an owned movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I like Robert Mulligan movies more. Do you know anything else?	To Kill a Mockingbird

1 I really like Erin Brockovich, The Royal Tenenbaums, Donnie Darko, Troy, Pretty Woman, Inglourious Basterds, and Titus. I'm looking for a Molly Shannon movie.	Superstar
2 What else is that about?	Will Ferrell, saturday night live, Harland Williams, Molly Shannon
3 I prefer Chris Kattan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Night at the Roxbury

1 I really liked Deep Impact, Pulp Fiction, The Contender, Reservoir Dogs, Jerry Maguire, The Matrix, and Superman II. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Paper Chase
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, harvard
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grand Prix

1 Schindler's List, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Maltese Falcon, North by Northwest, The African Queen, The Garden of the Finzi-Continis, and Shakespeare in Love are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Room with a View
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory
3 I rate Sebastian Schipper movies. Any other suggestions?	A Friend of Mine

1 I watched the films The Terminator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Aliens, The Birdcage, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Clockwork Orange, and Heavy Metal and loved them. I'm looking for a lovecraft movie.	In the Mouth of Madness
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I rate Daniel Haller movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dunwich Horror

1 Pulp Fiction, American History X, The Shawshank Redemption, Back to the Future Part III, Men in Black, Idiocracy, and My Cousin Vinny are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Phantom Tollbooth
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, children, Chuck Jones
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Beat the Devil

1 Cast Away, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The House of Yes, Howards End, Forrest Gump, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and My Darling Clementine are movies I liked. I'm looking for an egypt movie.	The Spy Who Loved Me
2 What else is that about?	james bond, spy, bond, egypt, Roger Moore, Lewis Gilbert
3 I like Kelly Hu movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Scorpion King

1 Match Point, Jarhead, You Can't Take It With You, The King of Comedy, Rashomon, The Last Picture Show, and Last Tango in Paris are movies I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Grizzly Man
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, death, Werner Herzog, bears
3 I prefer Agnès Varda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Beaches of Agnès

1 I liked Exotica, The Silence of the Lambs, Phenomenon, Crimson Tide, Braveheart, Sense and Sensibility, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I like Julianna Margulies movies more. Do you know anything else?	City Island

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Jerry Maguire, Apollo 13, Trainspotting, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Braveheart, and Forrest Gump are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Heather Matarazzo movie.	Welcome to the Dollhouse
2 Who does that star?	Heather Matarazzo

1 Vampires, Alien, Psycho, The Exorcist, The Birds, Blood for Dracula, and Pleasantville are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Hard Core Logo
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce McDonald
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bird

1 Meet Joe Black, A Beautiful Mind, Father of the Bride, My Fair Lady, The Usual Suspects, Payback, and The Age of Innocence are films I loved. I'm looking for a culture movie.	The Joy Luck Club
2 What else is that about?	women, Chinese, culture, Wayne Wang

1 I like Fight Club, Braveheart, Independence Day, The Boondock Saints, City of God, Zombieland, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, r, Morgan Freeman, Denzel Washington, civil war, american civil war, Matthew Broderick, Edward Zwick
3 I prefer new york city movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kids

1 Pickpocket, Rome, Open City, Testament of Orpheus, Donnie Darko, Harvie Krumpet, Playtime, and Roma are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Black Ice
2 Who is that directed by?	Petri Kotwica
3 I prefer Mario Van Peebles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	New Jack City

1 I love Ransom, Something to Talk About, Sex and the City, Rules of Engagement, Eight Below, Monsters, Inc., and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Happening
2 What else is that about?	r, M. Night Shyamalan, disaster
3 I prefer Maggie Grace movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taken

1 Juno, Into the Wild, Warrior, The Muppet Christmas Carol, Boyz n the Hood, American Psycho, and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang are films I like. I'm looking for a Hope Davis movie.	The Nines
2 Who is that directed by?	John August

1 Up in the Air, Birdy, Seven Samurai, La Femme Nikita, Back to the Future, The Thin Man, and A Close Shave are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Left Foot
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cerebral, Fiona Shaw, Jim Sheridan, cerebral palsy
3 I prefer psychological movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Face to Face

1 Mulan, Traffic, Sliding Doors, The Fox and the Hound, The Usual Suspects, Antz, and Ghostbusters are films I like. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	The Karate Kid, Part II
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Mentor, Pat Morita, karate, Ralph Macchio
3 I like kung fu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Drunken Master

1 I watched the films Iron Man and The Avengers and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I rate Elizabeth Daily movies. Any other suggestions?	Pee-wee's Big Adventure

1 Judge Dredd, The Mask, Stargate, Natural Born Killers, and Coneheads are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addams Family Values
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Macabre, Anjelica Huston, Joan Cusack, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I prefer altman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Short Cuts

1 Gone with the Wind, The Maltese Falcon, Notorious, Jaws, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Airplane!, and Psycho are movies I liked. I'm looking for a light movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, light, Gene Kelly, Stanley Donen
3 I rate pixar movies. Any other suggestions?	Toy Story

1 Memento, The Machinist, Collateral, The Boondock Saints, Rocky, The Pursuit of Happyness, and Taken are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a H.G. Wells movie.	The Time Machine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, time travel, H.G. Wells, George Pal
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Village of the Giants

1 Broken Arrow, The Crow, In the Line of Fire, The Fugitive, Grumpier Old Men, Friday, and The Santa Clause are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adam Sandler, school, Tamra Davis
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion

1 I love Donnie Brasco, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, City Lights, Dead Poets Society, 127 Hours, Clerks, and The Game. I'm looking for a farm movie.	Animal Farm
2 What else is that about?	George Orwell, farm
3 I rate Michael Caine movies. Any other suggestions?	Secondhand Lions

1 Toy Story, The Graduate, Rushmore, Blade Runner, North by Northwest, The Usual Suspects, and Casablanca are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Lars von Trier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dogville

1 Beauty and the Beast, Toy Story, Babe, Aladdin, and Apollo 13 are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Sandra Bullock, Romantic Comedy, Bill Pullman, Jon Turteltaub
3 I rate Dax Shepard movies. Any other suggestions?	Idiocracy

1 L.A. Story, Rudy, The Poseidon Adventure, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Braveheart, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
2 Who is that directed by?	Amy Heckerling
3 I like Wesley Ruggles movies more. Do you know anything else?	See Here, Private Hargrove

1 Get Shorty, Fargo, Miller's Crossing, The Usual Suspects, Clerks, Reservoir Dogs, and Heat are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Taxi Driver movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I prefer Michael Mann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Collateral

1 Ray, The Last of the Mohicans, Catch Me If You Can, Dead Again, To Kill a Mockingbird, Chinatown, and Gandhi are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cry Freedom
2 What else is that about?	africa, 1970s, south africa, apartheid, Richard Attenborough
3 I rate cold war movies. Any other suggestions?	Fail Safe

1 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Shallow Grave, The Matrix, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Fight Club, My Neighbor Totoro, and Tell No One are films I liked. I'm looking for a Helen Mirren movie.	The Queen
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren
3 I rate John Corbett movies. Any other suggestions?	Raising Helen

1 Driving Miss Daisy, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Fatal Attraction, Lethal Weapon, Schindler's List, The Breakfast Club, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mirkin
3 I rate Howard Zieff movies. Any other suggestions?	Unfaithfully Yours

1 Pulp Fiction, Quiz Show, Heavenly Creatures, Fargo, Heat, Babe, and Death and the Maiden are films I really like. I'm looking for a painter movie.	Carrington
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Hampton
3 I rate Agnès Merlet movies. Any other suggestions?	Artemisia

1 I really like The Bridge on the River Kwai, Guys and Dolls, The Mission, Field of Dreams, And Now for Something Completely Different, The Exorcist, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Defending Your Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Albert Brooks
3 I rate Michel Gondry movies. Any other suggestions?	The Science of Sleep

1 Shrek, Big Fish, Rocky IV, The Matrix, Spider-Man, The Butterfly Effect, and The Count of Monte Cristo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stepmom
2 What else is that about?	Julia Roberts, Ed Harris, Susan Sarandon, Chris Columbus
3 I prefer marx brothers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	At the Circus

1 Avatar, Secretariat, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Social Network, Despicable Me, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Step Up
2 What else is that about?	Romance, dance
3 I prefer Love movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rushmore

1 The Blues Brothers, X-Men, The Prestige, The Bourne Identity, Schindler's List, The Rock, and Casino Royale are films I really like. I'm looking for a disney animated feature movie.	Fantasia
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, disney animated feature, classical music, classical, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I rate Bob Newhart movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rescuers Down Under

1 I watched the films National Lampoon's Vacation, Reservoir Dogs, Fantasia, The Princess Bride, A Streetcar Named Desire, Pulp Fiction, and Rocky and loved them. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	Tora! Tora! Tora!
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Fleischer
3 I prefer Akira Kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Throne of Blood

1 I really liked Shadowlands, Toy Story, Sleepless in Seattle, Mr. Holland's Opus, Forrest Gump, Jane Eyre, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a War movie.	Before the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Milcho Manchevski
3 I like George Seaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Lift

1 Raging Bull, The Conformist, Apocalypse Now, Princess Mononoke, The Wild Bunch, Ran, and Rashomon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a death movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 Who is that directed by?	Ingmar Bergman
3 I prefer Akira Kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ikiru

1 I liked Nine Months, The Shawshank Redemption, French Kiss, The Usual Suspects, Outbreak, Milk Money, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Trial by Jury
2 Who is that directed by?	Heywood Gould
3 I like Christian Alvart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Antibodies

1 The Hangover, A Walk to Remember, 2 Fast 2 Furious, The Godfather, Pretty Woman, Hitman, and The Fast and the Furious are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Death Race
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul W.S. Anderson
3 I prefer Ringo Lam movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Replicant

1 The Spy Who Loved Me, Back to the Future, Die Hard, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Four Rooms, Black Hawk Down, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Django Unchained
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, Quentin Tarantino, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Samuel L. Jackson, long, Western, Epic, brutal, spaghetti western, Christoph Waltz, Jamie Foxx, Oscar
3 I rate Tom Gries movies. Any other suggestions?	Will Penny

1 Saving Private Ryan, Thank You for Smoking, The Departed, The Avengers, True Romance, Zombieland, and Shooter are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint
3 I like Billy Idol movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heavy Metal 2000

1 L.A. Confidential, The Big Sleep, Mean Streets, Pulp Fiction, Being John Malkovich, Touch of Evil, and Django Unchained are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Ace in the Hole
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, criterion, cynical, biting, Billy Wilder, Kirk Douglas
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	How I Won the War

1 Focus, The Funeral, Junebug, A Hard Day's Night, Up in the Air, Muriel's Wedding, and Otello are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Since Otar Left
2 Who is that directed by?	Julie Bertuccelli

1 I love Apollo 13, Eraser, The Shawshank Redemption, The Rock, The Silence of the Lambs, and Clear and Present Danger. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Net
2 Who does that star?	Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Dennis Miller
3 I prefer Carina Lau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Let the Bullets Fly

1 Groundhog Day, Miracle on 34th Street, Pinocchio, Die Hard, Speed, Jumanji, and Forrest Gump are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Blown Away
2 Who does that star?	Corey Feldman, Corey Haim, Nicole Eggert

1 I really liked The Crow, Chinatown, Awakenings, The Sixth Sense, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Reservoir Dogs, and Superman. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Goodfellas
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Brian De Palma movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Black Dahlia

1 Aliens, Jaws, Shrek, and The Terminator are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Primal Fear
2 Who does that star?	Richard Gere, Laura Linney
3 I rate John C. Reilly movies. Any other suggestions?	Hard Eight

1 I liked Shadow of a Doubt, Nashville, The Third Man, Klute, Rebecca, Spellbound, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Touki Bouki
2 Who is that directed by?	Djibril Diop Mambéty
3 I rate Rudolph Maté movies. Any other suggestions?	D.O.A.

1 The Abyss, Clear and Present Danger, American Pie, The Muppet Christmas Carol, Starship Troopers, 2010, and The Sting are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 Who does that star?	Jürgen Prochnow, Herbert Grönemeyer, Klaus Wennemann
3 I rate Roberto Benigni movies. Any other suggestions?	Life Is Beautiful

1 Kung Fu Panda, City of God, The Godfather, Gladiator, The Blues Brothers, Inception, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Disappearance of Alice Creed
2 What else is that about?	kidnapping, Gemma Arterton, J Blakeson
3 I prefer Guy Pearce movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seeking Justice

1 The Terminator, Unbreakable, Time Bandits, Ghostbusters, Back to the Future, Highlander, and Batman are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Weird Science
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, John Hughes, Anthony Michael Hall, Kelly LeBrock
3 I rate Casey Affleck movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Kiss

1 Men in Black, Annie Hall, Manhattan, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Bananas, Superman, and Blazing Saddles are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Leslie Nielsen movie.	Forbidden Planet
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, space, science fiction, shakespeare, Leslie Nielsen
3 I like spoof movies more. Do you know anything else?	Repossessed

1 The Pianist, Princess Mononoke, Monsters, Inc., Inside Man, Finding Nemo, The Insider, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a fake trailers movie.	Grindhouse
2 What else is that about?	Action, Quentin Tarantino, murder, r, Robert Rodriguez, tarantino, Kurt Russell, Grindhouse, Rosario Dawson, exploitation, double feature, fake trailers

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Schindler's List, The Godfather, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Rain Man, When Harry Met Sally..., and Much Ado About Nothing are films I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Garden State
2 Who does that star?	Zach Braff
3 I prefer John Lennon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Hard Day's Night

1 The Big Lebowski, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Departed, No Country for Old Men, The Goonies, Back to the Future, and Avatar are films I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Unforgiven
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Richard Harris
3 I like Earl Holliman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Train from Gun Hill

1 Les Misérables, The Green Mile, The Wizard of Oz, The Shawshank Redemption, Cinderella, The Usual Suspects, and Swingers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	Of Mice and Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Gary Sinise
3 I prefer Liliana Cavani movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ripley's Game

1 Chinatown, Blade, The Prophecy, Superman, Logan's Run, Apocalypse Now, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Vanilla Sky
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Thriller, r, remake, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Cameron Diaz, Cameron Crowe
3 I prefer Australia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Flirting

1 A Fish Called Wanda, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Rocky, The Wizard of Oz, The Player, The Fog, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I loved. I'm looking for a coming of age movie.	Dirty Dancing
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, soundtrack, teen, dance, dancing, Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Picture Show

1 Legends of the Fall, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Heat, and The Crow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Murder in the First
2 Who does that star?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I like Laurence Fishburne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystic River

1 The Wrong Trousers, October Sky, The Age of Innocence, Little Women, Angela's Ashes, Emma, and Big Night are films I liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I rate Masaki Kobayashi movies. Any other suggestions?	Harakiri

1 Lone Star, Jean de Florette, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, Annie Hall, All About Eve, West Side Story, and The Garden of the Finzi-Continis are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mrs Dalloway
2 What else is that about?	Virginia Woolf
3 I like Takashi Miike movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ace Attorney

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, The Breakfast Club, Willow, and The Goonies. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Under the Tuscan Sun
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Divorce, Diane Lane, tuscany
3 I like Alan Cumming movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Anniversary Party

1 Smoke Signals, Fargo, The Graduate, Mona Lisa, Boys Don't Cry, American History X, and Harold and Maude are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bhaji on the Beach
2 Who is that directed by?	Gurinder Chadha
3 I like John Waters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cry-Baby

1 Good Will Hunting, Slaughterhouse-Five, Monster's Ball, Play It Again, Sam, Rashomon, Bonnie and Clyde, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Majid Majidi movie.	Baran
2 What else is that about?	Majid Majidi
3 I prefer iran movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Song of Sparrows

1 Monsters, Inc., The Green Mile, The Italian Job, Finding Nemo, Spirited Away, Remember the Titans, and Moulin Rouge! are movies I love. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Chicago
2 What else is that about?	Music, murder, Musical, jazz, Richard Gere, Chicago, John C. Reilly, Queen Latifah, Rob Marshall
3 I rate Tim Curry movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rocky Horror Picture Show

1 Oblivion, The Orphanage, Gran Torino, Scent of a Woman, Les Misérables, Pulp Fiction, and 127 Hours are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Moneyball
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Brad Pitt, sports, baseball, Jonah Hill, money, Chris Pratt, Bennett Miller, manager, oakland, Winning
3 I prefer Keanu Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Replacements

1 I watched the films Braveheart, The Lion King, The Firm, Beauty and the Beast, Batman, Clear and Present Danger, and Jurassic Park and loved them. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	The Net
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Irwin Winkler
3 I rate Forest Whitaker movies. Any other suggestions?	Hope Floats

1 I really like Minority Report, The Shawshank Redemption, Saving Private Ryan, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future, Jurassic Park, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. I'm looking for a Judd Apatow movie.	Knocked Up
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I rate Paul Feig movies. Any other suggestions?	Bridesmaids

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Alien, Tootsie, City Lights, The Lady Eve, A Charlie Brown Christmas, and Moonstruck are films I really like. I'm looking for a Harold Pinter movie.	Sleuth
2 Who is that directed by?	Kenneth Branagh
3 I rate Joseph Losey movies. Any other suggestions?	The Go-Between

1 There's Something About Mary, A Christmas Story, The Godfather, The Princess Bride, Good Will Hunting, The Wizard of Oz, and Evil Dead II are films I love. I'm looking for a Malcolm McDowell movie.	Halloween II
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Zombie
3 I prefer Nicholas Meyer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Time After Time

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, The Godfather, Blue Velvet, Ed Wood, Prizzi's Honor, Barton Fink, and The Hudsucker Proxy are films I loved. I'm looking for a sexual movie.	Eyes Wide Shut
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, new york city, Stanley Kubrick, erotic, sexual, Mask, orgy
3 I rate Diego Luna movies. Any other suggestions?	Y Tu Mamá También

1 I liked The Fugitive, Goodfellas, Finding Forrester, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Shakespeare in Love, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a William H. Macy movie.	Panic
2 What else is that about?	Donald Sutherland, William H. Macy, Neve Campbell, John Ritter
3 I like superheroes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery Men

1 I really liked Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Big, Maverick, The Jerk, Coyote Ugly, and The Sound of Music. I'm looking for an Uma Thurman movie.	Tape
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Uma Thurman, Robert Sean Leonard
3 I like Sarah Polley movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen

1 The Killing Fields, The Natural, Trainspotting, Lone Star, The Last Emperor, The Elephant Man, and Beetlejuice are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Arlington Road
2 What else is that about?	r, terrorism, Jeff Bridges
3 I prefer Nimród Antal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vacancy

1 I really like Fargo, The Hunt for Red October, Shakespeare in Love, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, Jurassic Park, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	Loaded Weapon 1
2 Who is that directed by?	Gene Quintano
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sunset Limited

1 Sleepers, Chinatown, Scent of a Woman, Almost Famous, Fatal Attraction, The Crying Game, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Rainmaker
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Jon Voight, Danny DeVito, Claire Danes
3 I prefer Francis Huster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Public Woman

1 Some Like It Hot, The Celebration, Scream, Memento, Aliens, The Limey, and Pitch Black are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Next Stop Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Brad Anderson
3 I like Dave Chappelle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Half Baked

1 I like Ocean's Eleven, Elizabeth, Shaolin Soccer, Popeye, Mulan, Finding Nemo, and Legends of the Fall. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Chinese Ghost Story
2 Who does that star?	Leslie Cheung
3 I prefer Burt Reynolds movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rent-a-Cop

1 Taxi Driver, The Thin Blue Line, Stop Making Sense, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, In the Heat of the Night, and Bicycle Thieves are movies I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Marianne and Juliane
2 Who is that directed by?	Margarethe von Trotta

1 I love Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like Rouben Mamoulian movies more. Do you know anything else?	City Streets

1 I love 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Casablanca, The Silence of the Lambs, Life Is Beautiful, and The Sting. I'm looking for a car chase movie.	Ronin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer John Landis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Blues Brothers

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Aliens, Magnolia, Good Will Hunting, The Jerk, The Sting, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet and Lowdown
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, Uma Thurman, jazz
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sayonara

1 Tarzan, Stuart Saves His Family, Jean de Florette, Friday the 13th, Lone Star, Election, and The Thin Blue Line are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John Waters movie.	Pink Flamingos
2 Who does that star?	Divine, Mink Stole, Mary Vivian Pearce, David Lochary
3 I like Johnny Knoxville movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Dirty Shame

1 I loved Yojimbo, The Usual Suspects, Reservoir Dogs, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Lost in Translation, Fargo, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a bridge movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 Who does that star?	William Holden, Jack Hawkins, Alec Guinness, Sessue Hayakawa

1 I loved West Side Story, The Green Mile, The Maltese Falcon, The English Patient, Tin Cup, Rebecca, and The Remains of the Day. I'm looking for a gong li movie.	Raise the Red Lantern
2 What else is that about?	china, 1920s, Chinese, zhang yimou, gong li
3 I like miami movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miami Vice

1 Swingers, The Fifth Element, Fight Club, American History X, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Jurassic Park, and A League of Their Own are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Psycho Beach Party
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Lee King
3 I rate Yves Robert movies. Any other suggestions?	Very Happy Alexander

1 I really liked GoldenEye, Clueless, While You Were Sleeping, Dances with Wolves, The Santa Clause, Jurassic Park, and Ghost. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Waterworld
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Kevin Costner, Water
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	12 Rounds

1 I really liked Pink Flamingos, Once Upon a Time in America, The Silence of the Lambs, Witness, Taxi Driver, Casablanca, and The Blues Brothers. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	Alphaville
2 Who does that star?	Anna Karina, Akim Tamiroff, Eddie Constantine
3 I prefer Charlton Heston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Soylent Green

1 Somewhere in Time, Das Boot, Pulp Fiction, Shine, Aliens, Cinema Paradiso, and The Bridges of Madison County are movies I liked. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Michael Collins
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson
3 I rate Helena Bonham Carter movies. Any other suggestions?	The King's Speech

1 Super Troopers, Erin Brockovich, Serenity, The Fifth Element, Fight Club, 21, and Bridesmaids are films I loved. I'm looking for an Edward Norton movie.	The Italian Job
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	Death to Smoochy

1 Batman, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, Apollo 13, Stargate, and Clerks are movies I like. I'm looking for a Submarine movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I like Jonathan Mostow movies more. Do you know anything else?	U-571

1 I loved Sabrina, Marathon Man, City Lights, The Usual Suspects, The Music Man, Alien, and The Bridge on the River Kwai. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Metropolis
2 Who is that directed by?	Rintaro
3 I like Nina Paley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sita Sings the Blues

1 Office Space, I Heart Huckabees, Spirited Away, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Braveheart, The Graduate, and The Island are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Stalker movie.	Perfect Blue
2 Who is that directed by?	Satoshi Kon

1 The Wrong Trousers, Papillon, Reservoir Dogs, A Christmas Carol, The Godfather, Blue Velvet, and The Birds are movies I loved. I'm looking for an original movie.	Harold and Maude
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Ashby
3 I like Michel Hazanavicius movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Artist

1 The Usual Suspects, Central Station, American Beauty, American History X, Rocky, The Blair Witch Project, and Fargo are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Spanish Prisoner
2 What else is that about?	Mystery, Steve Martin, David Mamet
3 I like Sean Connery movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Presidio

1 I really liked The Big Lebowski, On the Waterfront, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, No Country for Old Men, Groundhog Day, A Clockwork Orange, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Network
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch
3 I like Bing Crosby movies more. Do you know anything else?	That's Entertainment!

1 Murder, My Sweet, Magnolia, Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom, Solaris, Vertigo, Paris, Texas, and Le Samouraï are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Late Spring
2 Who does that star?	Setsuko Hara
3 I like Warren Beatty movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love Affair

1 The Devil and Daniel Johnston, Mulholland Drive, Gandhi, The Sound of Music, Schindler's List, Joe Versus the Volcano, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mysterious Skin
2 What else is that about?	male prostitute, Alien Abduction, Gregg Araki
3 I prefer Natalie Portman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brothers

1 The Paper Chase, Fargo, Do the Right Thing, Dances with Wolves, The Sixth Sense, Broadcast News, and Lilies of the Field are films I like. I'm looking for a Mike Nichols movie.	Wit
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, Mike Nichols
3 I rate death movies. Any other suggestions?	Silkwood

1 I like Dances with Wolves, Braveheart, The River Wild, Jurassic Park, Outbreak, The Silence of the Lambs, and First Knight. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Cliffhanger
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow
3 I prefer Sam Worthington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Clash of the Titans

1 I like Gladiator, 54, Eyes Wide Shut, The Bone Collector, Moulin Rouge!, America's Sweethearts, and Erin Brockovich. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Toy Soldiers
2 Who does that star?	Sean Astin, Wil Wheaton, Andrew Divoff
3 I prefer Kirby Heyborne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saints and Soldiers

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Jules and Jim, Sanjuro, Run Lola Run, Manhattan, and Repulsion are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Fire Within
2 Who does that star?	Maurice Ronet, Hubert Deschamps, Yvonne Clech
3 I like Kristen Stewart movies more. Do you know anything else?	On the Road

1 I liked The Departed, Aladdin, Apocalypse Now, The Fugitive, Secretary, Moulin Rouge!, and Rear Window. I'm looking for a sf movie.	The Wrong Trousers
2 Who does that star?	Peter Sallis
3 I rate Michael J. Fox movies. Any other suggestions?	Back to the Future

1 I really like Pan's Labyrinth, In the Mood for Love, Anatomy of a Murder, The Thin Red Line, Finding Nemo, The Fall, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	'night, Mother
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Moore
3 I prefer Danny Boyle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	127 Hours

1 The Godfather, True Lies, Legends of the Fall, The Green Mile, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Dawn of the Dead, and Seven Samurai are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Thin Red Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I prefer Ken Loach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Land and Freedom

1 Escape from New York, My Neighbor Totoro, Ponyo, Ichi the Killer, Drowning by Numbers, Blade Runner, and The Fountain are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Breathless
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim McBride
3 I prefer John Ford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men Without Women

1 I watched the films The Bourne Supremacy, The Untouchables, Wag the Dog, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Cinema Paradiso, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and A Beautiful Mind and loved them. I'm looking for a children movie.	Mary Poppins
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Stevenson
3 I prefer Danny DeVito movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Matilda

1 La Femme Nikita, Gandhi, Cinema Paradiso, Midnight Cowboy, West Side Story, Annie Hall, and Chinatown are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, national film registry, Steven Soderbergh, lies, videotape
3 I rate 1930s movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cotton Club

1 The Sting, Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, Bananas, The Player, The Maltese Falcon, Godzilla, and Fargo are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Wonderland
2 Who does that star?	Gina McKee, Molly Parker, Shirley Henderson
3 I prefer Sigourney Weaver movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gorillas in the Mist

1 Magnolia, Fight Club, Requiem for a Dream, Reservoir Dogs, Django Unchained, 21 Grams, and Mulholland Drive are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Paranormal Activity
2 What else is that about?	Horror, ending, found footage, paranormal
3 I like Ken Russell movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lair of the White Worm

1 I like Pulp Fiction, Jesus' Son, For a Few Dollars More, Nightwatch, It Happened One Night, The Invisible Man, and The Omega Man. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Creature from the Black Lagoon
2 Who does that star?	Richard Carlson, Richard Denning, Antonio Moreno
3 I prefer Penelope Ann Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Relic

1 I love My Life as a Dog, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, All About Eve, Night of the Living Dead, Psycho, Being John Malkovich, and Nosferatu. I'm looking for a childhood movie.	The World of Apu
2 Who is that directed by?	Satyajit Ray
3 I rate J.A. Bayona movies. Any other suggestions?	The Orphanage

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Monster, The Great Escape, Munich, The Vow, Letters from Iwo Jima, and Never Let Me Go are films I like. I'm looking for an Alexander Korda movie.	Rembrandt
2 What else is that about?	Alexander Korda
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	That Hamilton Woman

1 Sling Blade, Much Ado About Nothing, Leaving Las Vegas, Casablanca, L.A. Story, Roman Holiday, and The Princess Bride are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tootsie
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer Simon Pegg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Good Night

1 Beetlejuice, 3000 Miles to Graceland, The Bourne Supremacy, Far and Away, Desperado, Ocean's Thirteen, and Beverly Hills Cop II are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Dead Pool
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, Clint Eastwood, Dirty Harry
3 I prefer Chuck Norris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hero and the Terror

1 A Christmas Story, As Good as It Gets, The Full Monty, Dances with Wolves, Fight Club, Shakespeare in Love, and Apocalypse Now are movies I love. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Driving Miss Daisy
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, Bruce Beresford, Jessica Tandy
3 I rate god movies. Any other suggestions?	Bruce Almighty

1 Rashomon, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Usual Suspects, The Grapes of Wrath, and Casablanca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Strangers on a Train
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, tennis
3 I prefer directorial debut movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Right at Your Door

1 I really like The Godfather, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Matrix, Forrest Gump, and The Thin Red Line. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco
3 I like Richard Brooks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Elmer Gantry

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, You Can Count on Me, As Good as It Gets, Raising Arizona, City of God, American Splendor, and Animal House are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	La Haine
2 Who is that directed by?	Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I like Josef von Sternberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crime and Punishment

1 I loved Rushmore, Being John Malkovich, Fargo, Shakespeare in Love, The Shawshank Redemption, Rear Window, and Strangers on a Train. I'm looking for a Chinese movie.	The Joy Luck Club
2 What else is that about?	women, Chinese, culture, Wayne Wang
3 I rate china movies. Any other suggestions?	Mulan

1 I loved My Cousin Vinny, Groundhog Day, Forrest Gump, The Iron Giant, The Stunt Man, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Planet of the Apes. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Misery
2 Who does that star?	James Caan, Kathy Bates, Frances Sternhagen, Richard Farnsworth
3 I like Ben Affleck movies more. Do you know anything else?	Armageddon

1 Gamer, Constantine, Spider-Man 2, The Bourne Legacy, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Limitless, and The Invisible are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Next
2 What else is that about?	Action, Nicolas Cage, Philip K. Dick, Julianne Moore, Jessica Biel
3 I rate japan movies. Any other suggestions?	Rurouni Kenshin

1 I really liked Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Matrix, Ruthless People, The Usual Suspects, Sixteen Candles, The Little Mermaid, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Clint Eastwood, Kevin Spacey, 1980s, John Cusack, book, Trial, reporter, Savannah, Georgia
3 I rate new york city movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girlfriend Experience

1 Ghost World, Bonnie and Clyde, Citizen Kane, Alien, Boogie Nights, Apocalypse Now, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Three Kings
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, r, satirical, George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, iraq, David O. Russell, gulf war, Ice Cube
3 I like Carol Reed movies more. Do you know anything else?	Night Train to Munich

1 Clear and Present Danger, Apollo 13, The Sound of Music, Sleepless in Seattle, Last Action Hero, Restoration, and Something to Talk About are films I like. I'm looking for a science movie.	The Lawnmower Man
2 Who does that star?	Pierce Brosnan, Jeff Fahey
3 I like Zoe Saldana movies more. Do you know anything else?	Avatar

1 Forrest Gump, Don Juan DeMarco, A Christmas Story, What Dreams May Come, Predator, Ghostbusters, and Spaceballs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Carrie
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I like Mark Borchardt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coven

1 City of God, Life Is Beautiful, 300, Schindler's List, Requiem for a Dream, Gran Torino, and American History X are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Don't Worry, I'm Fine
2 Who is that directed by?	Philippe Lioret
3 I prefer John Boorman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Deliverance

1 Six Degrees of Separation, Raise the Red Lantern, Menace II Society, Romeo + Juliet, Titanic, The Blair Witch Project, and Amistad are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Age of Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Hirokazu Koreeda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Like Father, Like Son

1 Traffic, Chocolat, Pulp Fiction, The Pianist, Ocean's Eleven, The Sixth Sense, and The Truman Show are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Hackers
2 What else is that about?	High School, cyberpunk, Angelina Jolie, Hackers, internet, hacker, Jonny Lee Miller
3 I prefer drug trade movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Traffic

1 Good Will Hunting, Monsters, Inc., Schindler's List, The Birdcage, Sister Act, Cinderella, and American History X are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Loaded Weapon 1
2 What else is that about?	Samuel L. Jackson, national lampoon
3 I prefer r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eagle vs Shark

1 American Beauty, 12 Angry Men, Sideways, Good Will Hunting, Garden State, The Graduate, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a Paul Haggis movie.	Crash
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Haggis

1 Taxi Driver, Midnight Cowboy, Hud, Double Indemnity, The Old Man and the Sea, A Place in the Sun, and The Asphalt Jungle are films I liked. I'm looking for a Klaus Kinski movie.	Vampire in Venice
2 Who is that directed by?	Augusto Caminito, Klaus Kinski
3 I prefer Sergio Leone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For a Few Dollars More

1 I like The Green Mile, The Usual Suspects, The Seventh Seal, The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, North by Northwest, and Titanic. I'm looking for a Tony Richardson movie.	The Entertainer
2 What else is that about?	Tony Richardson
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Loved One

1 I like Metropolis, The Birds, The Shawshank Redemption, Office Space, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Shining. I'm looking for a british movie.	Billy Elliot
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Musical, british, england, dance, ballet, Jamie Bell, Stephen Daldry, miners, strike
3 I rate Teresa Wright movies. Any other suggestions?	Mrs. Miniver

1 The Pianist, About Schmidt, The Crying Game, North by Northwest, Blade Runner, The Matrix, and Edward Scissorhands are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jean de Florette
2 What else is that about?	French, Gérard Depardieu, Claude Berri
3 I rate Jennifer Lawrence movies. Any other suggestions?	The Poker House

1 I love Taxi Driver, The Godfather, Blade Runner, Spider-Man 2, Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I rate spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Catch Me If You Can

1 I really like Beauty and the Beast, Lost in Translation, Days of Heaven, Finding Neverland, Big Fish, Rat Race, and The Sting. I'm looking for an Alec Baldwin movie.	State and Main
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mamet
3 I like Derick Martini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lymelife

1 Forrest Gump and Dances with Wolves are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I like Mekhi Phifer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Soul Food

1 Fantasia, Vertigo, The Usual Suspects, Raising Arizona, A Clockwork Orange, Apocalypse Now, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Naked
2 What else is that about?	british, Mike Leigh
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Inbetweeners 2

1 Back to the Future, Apollo 13, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wrong Trousers, The Terminator, Young Frankenstein, and A Grand Day Out are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Aliens
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I rate Michael J. Bassett movies. Any other suggestions?	Solomon Kane

1 Upside Down, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Being John Malkovich, The Evil Dead, Memento, In the Mouth of Madness, and The House of the Devil are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	John Dies at the End
2 What else is that about?	Comedy
3 I prefer Jake Gyllenhaal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bubble Boy

1 I really liked Deliverance, The Green Mile, The Shawshank Redemption, American Graffiti, Unbreakable, Beauty and the Beast, and Malcolm X. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Straight Story
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lynch
3 I rate Mike Nichols movies. Any other suggestions?	Closer

1 My Cousin Vinny, Men in Black, The French Connection, The Maltese Falcon, Doctor Zhivago, The Sting, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	The Searchers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Western, John Wayne, vistavision, John Ford
3 I rate vietnam movies. Any other suggestions?	The Green Berets

1 The Fisher King, The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, You Can Count on Me, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The General, Klute, and The Magnificent Seven are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Short, Frankenstein
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Anatomy

1 Brazil, The Birdcage, Harold and Maude, Blue Velvet, Talk to Her, Deliverance, and Of Mice and Men are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	But I'm a Cheerleader
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Babbit
3 I prefer Bud Yorkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Thief Who Came to Dinner

1 A Few Good Men, Shaun of the Dead, Tremors, Pleasantville, Forrest Gump, Rain Man, and Hero are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 What else is that about?	friendship, r, dialogue, relationships, Fun, romantic, Romantic Comedy, New York, Meg Ryan, jazz, Billy Crystal, Rob Reiner, Nora Ephron
3 I prefer Minnie Driver movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Heels and Low Lifes

1 Casablanca, Lawrence of Arabia, Splash, The Silence of the Lambs, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Henry V, and Patton are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gold movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Gold
3 I like long movies more. Do you know anything else?	Greed

1 I really like A Fish Called Wanda, Toy Story, Back to the Future, My Cousin Vinny, A Family Thing, The Jerk, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Danny Glover movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I like James Wan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Saw

1 The Emperor's New Groove, Finding Nemo, In the Name of the Father, Gladiator, The Descent, Brokeback Mountain, and In Bruges are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Matter of Loaf and Death
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Love, Short, Nick Park, wallace and gromit, bakery
3 I rate John Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	Mister Roberts

1 I really like The Usual Suspects, Natural Born Killers, The Silence of the Lambs, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Macabre movie.	Addams Family Values
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld

1 Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, National Lampoon's Vacation, Sling Blade, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, and A Simple Plan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Lethal Weapon 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Mel Gibson, south africa, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Expendables 3

1 Heat, Emma, Toy Story, Cold Comfort Farm, The City of Lost Children, The Godfather, and Primal Fear are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Cameron Crowe movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Tom Cruise, renee zellweger, Cameron Crowe, agent
3 I prefer Susan Sarandon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elizabethtown

1 The General, Living in Oblivion, Bicycle Thieves, The Lady Eve, The Princess Bride, A Fish Called Wanda, and They Shoot Horses, Don't They? are movies I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	La Grande Bouffe
2 Who does that star?	Marcello Mastroianni, Michel Piccoli, Philippe Noiret, Ugo Tognazzi

1 Amélie, Traffic, Pretty in Pink, Back to the Future Part II, The Jerk, American Pie, and National Lampoon's Vacation are films I like. I'm looking for a musicians movie.	Standing in the Shadows of Motown
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Justman
3 I rate Tamra Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	CB4

1 I like Get Carter, The Player, High Art, My Man Godfrey, The Silence of the Lambs, An Ideal Husband, and Waiting for Guffman. I'm looking for a Virginia Woolf movie.	Orlando
2 Who does that star?	Tilda Swinton, Quentin Crisp
3 I like Vanessa Redgrave movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mrs Dalloway

1 I love Rocky, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Ghostbusters, Road to Perdition, Courage Under Fire, The Bourne Supremacy, and The Great Escape. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I rate John Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	Just Pals

1 I loved Fantasia, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Godfather, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Hoop Dreams, Amélie, and Thunderball. I'm looking for a bond movie.	Tomorrow Never Dies
2 What else is that about?	james bond, spy, bond, Pierce Brosnan
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Quantum of Solace

1 Enchanted April, A Beautiful Mind, The Inglorious Bastards, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Sin City, Toy Story 3, and Juno are films I liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Cherry Blossoms
2 Who is that directed by?	Doris Dörrie
3 I prefer Mamoru Oshii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghost in the Shell

1 The Lion King, American Beauty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Blade Runner, The Last of the Mohicans, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Barcelona are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	Risky Business
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, Tom Cruise
3 I prefer agent movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jerry Maguire

1 As Good as It Gets, Bowling for Columbine, American History X, The Sixth Sense, The Green Mile, Gone with the Wind, and Forrest Gump are films I loved. I'm looking for a great movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Roman Holiday, Clerks, When Harry Met Sally..., Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Evil Dead II, and Shrek are films I loved. I'm looking for a George Lucas movie.	Willow
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Magic, George Lucas, Val Kilmer, Ron Howard, sword and sorcery, Warwick Davis
3 I like 1960s movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Graffiti

1 Rushmore, Rear Window, Blade Runner, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Drugstore Cowboy, and The Elephant Man are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Telly Savalas movie.	Kelly's Heroes
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Clint Eastwood, Donald Sutherland, Telly Savalas
3 I like bond movies more. Do you know anything else?	On Her Majesty's Secret Service

1 Miller's Crossing, Henry V, Goodfellas, Shine, Cutter's Way, Annie Hall, and Casino are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 Who is that directed by?	Curtis Hanson
3 I like Adam McKay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Step Brothers

1 I really like Raising Arizona, Reservoir Dogs, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Sling Blade, Forrest Gump, Waiting for Guffman, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Carl Reiner movie.	The Jerk
2 What else is that about?	Steve Martin, Carl Reiner
3 I prefer Kirstie Alley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Summer School

1 Dances with Wolves, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, Twister, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Firm are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fugitive
2 What else is that about?	Action, murder, Harrison Ford, Tommy Lee Jones, fugitive, Andrew Davis
3 I prefer Jude Law movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shopping

1 Election, The Silence of the Lambs, The Last of the Mohicans, The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, Big Night, and Out of Sight are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate Laura Linney movies. Any other suggestions?	Congo

1 I love Edward Scissorhands, Army of Darkness, Pulp Fiction, Memento, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Finding Nemo, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Fist of Legend
2 What else is that about?	remake, martial arts, Jet Li
3 I rate pace movies. Any other suggestions?	Star Trek

1 I loved Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2, Shrek 2, The Last Samurai, Gladiator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Constantine. I'm looking for a vampire movie.	Blade II
2 Who is that directed by?	Guillermo del Toro
3 I like Werner Herzog movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nosferatu the Vampyre

1 The Indian in the Cupboard, Something Wicked This Way Comes, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Green Mile, Beetlejuice, and A Christmas Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Man Godfrey
2 What else is that about?	remake, Henry Koster
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Welcome to Collinwood

1 Raging Bull, Solaris, Strictly Ballroom, The Wizard of Oz, On the Waterfront, The King of Comedy, and Inland Empire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Babette's Feast
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate Cuba movies. Any other suggestions?	Havana

1 I really liked Casablanca, The Terminator, Psycho, Raiders of the Lost Ark, L.A. Confidential, The Little Mermaid, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Talia Shire movie.	Rocky
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sports, boxing, Sylvester Stallone, best picture, Carl Weathers, Philadelphia, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, Talia Shire, John G. Avildsen, stallone
3 I prefer Mr. T movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rocky III

1 Reality Bites, Heat, Father of the Bride Part II, The Firm, Pulp Fiction, Clueless, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Nora Ephron movie.	Mixed Nuts
2 What else is that about?	christmas, Steve Martin, Nora Ephron
3 I like Romantic Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sleepless in Seattle

1 L.A. Confidential, Mission to Mars, To Catch a Thief, House of Games, Open Your Eyes, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Rear Window are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Michael Winterbottom
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Born Free

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, First Knight, Rob Roy, The Piano, Jurassic Park, and Braveheart. I'm looking for an ira movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, ira, Jim Sheridan, Pete Postlethwaite
3 I rate Soldier movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crying Game

1 I watched the films Summer of Sam, The Cider House Rules, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shining, and Stand by Me and loved them. I'm looking for a Music movie.	A Hard Day's Night
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Richard Lester
3 I rate Zac Efron movies. Any other suggestions?	High School Musical

1 I loved Ocean's Eleven, Forrest Gump, Ocean's Thirteen, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Burn After Reading, Clerks II, and Gran Torino. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Fighter
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Mark Wahlberg, Amy Adams, Melissa Leo
3 I prefer George Chuvalo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Facing Ali

1 Inception, Superhero Movie, Predators, Pulp Fiction, Iron Man, Avatar, and Predator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Sniper
2 Who does that star?	Tom Berenger, Billy Zane
3 I rate Kim Bodnia movies. Any other suggestions?	In China They Eat Dogs

1 Days of Thunder, Independence Day, Waterworld, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Hunt for Red October, Lethal Weapon 4, and Enemy of the State are films I like. I'm looking for a Water movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Chinatown

1 Clear and Present Danger, Crimson Tide, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Firm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, John Grisham, David Strathairn
3 I prefer Fernando Meirelles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Constant Gardener

1 The Celluloid Closet, The Apartment, Pulp Fiction, Election, Back to the Future, Buena Vista Social Club, and North by Northwest are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I rate Russell Mulcahy movies. Any other suggestions?	Ricochet

1 I really liked All That Jazz, The Shining, M, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Ikiru, Inception, and Seven Samurai. I'm looking for a Jean Vigo movie.	L'Atalante
2 What else is that about?	Jean Vigo
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Zero for Conduct

1 Primal Fear, The Fugitive, Assassins, The Lion King, When a Man Loves a Woman, Only You, and Fear are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	It Could Happen to You
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Bridget Fonda
3 I like Eric Bogosian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Talk Radio

1 I love Delicatessen, The Usual Suspects, Young Frankenstein, Pulp Fiction, Cop Land, The Princess Bride, and The Purple Rose of Cairo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Apostle
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Robert Duvall
3 I rate William Friedkin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Boys in the Band

1 Mysterious Skin, 9, Thank You for Smoking, Zombieland, K-PAX, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, and The Usual Suspects are movies I love. I'm looking for a Gareth Edwards movie.	Monsters
2 Who is that directed by?	Gareth Edwards

1 I really liked The Great Escape, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, North by Northwest, Glengarry Glen Ross, A Christmas Carol, Brazil, and Superman. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Goonies
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Steven Spielberg, Richard Donner
3 I rate Jacques Tourneur movies. Any other suggestions?	The Flame and the Arrow

1 The Jerk, A Fish Called Wanda, Evil Dead II, The Matrix, The Wrong Trousers, Office Space, and Heathers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Steve Martin movie.	Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Glenne Headly
3 I like Levi Stubbs movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Shop of Horrors

1 Batman, Kung Fu Panda, The Shining, Million Dollar Baby, Life Is Beautiful, The Usual Suspects, and Enemy at the Gates are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Taken
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Leland Orser, Jon Gries
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	The Interpreter

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, F/X, The Green Mile, Psycho, House of Games, Somewhere in Time, and A Christmas Story are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Dead Man
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Crispin Glover, Lance Henriksen, Gary Farmer
3 I prefer Eleanor Tomlinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jack the Giant Slayer

1 Sleeper, Tootsie, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Seven Year Itch, Pecker, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, and Ed Wood are films I like. I'm looking for a series movie.	The Return of the Pink Panther
2 What else is that about?	Peter Sellers, series
3 I prefer Buddy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lethal Weapon 4

1 Alien, The Graduate, Mary Poppins, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Sleeper, and Bananas are films I really like. I'm looking for a ghosts movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I prefer Cary Elwes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hellgate

1 The Joy Luck Club, The Hunt for Red October, October Sky, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Gone with the Wind, and Schindler's List are films I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Billy Elliot
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Musical, british, england, dance, ballet, Jamie Bell, Stephen Daldry, miners, strike
3 I prefer disney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleeping Beauty

1 I love Office Space, Casino Royale, The Usual Suspects, The Departed, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Gattaca, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Gangster
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington, New York, Ridley Scott, gangster, Josh Brolin, Chiwetel Ejiofor
3 I rate Rainer Werner Fassbinder movies. Any other suggestions?	Lili Marleen

1 To Die For, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Dead Man Walking, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Heavenly Creatures
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I like Greg Berlanti movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life as We Know It

1 I watched the films Clue, Hamlet, Good Morning, Vietnam, 12 Angry Men, Spanking the Monkey, American Beauty, and Beetlejuice and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, Musical, soundtrack, Lars von Trier, united states, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse
3 I like Lewis Gilbert movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shirley Valentine

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Amazing Spider-Man, M, Fight Club, The Usual Suspects, Amélie, and Hannibal are films I like. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	The Dark Knight
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, story, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Batman, Heath Ledger, Christopher Nolan, Maggie Gyllenhaal, dc comics, editing, comics, Aaron Eckhart, imax, Joker, No
3 I like Kevin Bacon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Murder in the First

1 I love Sabrina, The Godfather, and Phenomenon. I'm looking for a children movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I like fairy tale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hoodwinked!

1 I liked Dr. No, Casablanca, 12 Angry Men, Glory, Tombstone, Aliens, and Notorious. I'm looking for a Christopher Reeve movie.	Superman II
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Ned Beatty, Christopher Reeve
3 I like Anthony Hopkins movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Remains of the Day

1 Despicable Me 2, Fight Club, The Dark Knight Rises, Spider-Man, L.A. Confidential, Coraline, and The Truman Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Amanda Peet movie.	Identity
2 Who is that directed by?	James Mangold
3 I rate Nicole Holofcener movies. Any other suggestions?	Please Give

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, American History X, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, Rain Man, Memento, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a cult movie.	The Exorcist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, scary, cult, Possession, exorcism, Priest, Max von Sydow, satan, gross, William Friedkin, Ellen Burstyn
3 I like Brit Marling movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sound of My Voice

1 The Manchurian Candidate, Dangerous Liaisons, King Kong, American Beauty, Cinema Paradiso, Alien, and Much Ado About Nothing are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Gingerbread Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I rate Lee Daniels movies. Any other suggestions?	The Paperboy

1 I liked Trading Places, The Wizard of Oz, American Beauty, Patton, Rain Man, Double Indemnity, and Frances. I'm looking for a War movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 Who does that star?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol
3 I prefer Robin Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Good Morning, Vietnam

1 I liked Stargate, The Breakfast Club, Patriot Games, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Die Hard 2, Top Gun, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	The Bone Collector
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Denzel Washington, Angelina Jolie, detective, Phillip Noyce
3 I like Chris Hemsworth movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Avengers

1 Twister, Mighty Aphrodite, Toy Story, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Ransom, Trainspotting, and Romy and Michele's High School Reunion are films I really liked. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	The Last Supper
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, murder, Cameron Diaz
3 I prefer John Waters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pink Flamingos

1 Desperado, Backdraft, Blade, The Mask, The Breakfast Club, Showgirls, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wayne's World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mike Myers, tv, saturday night live, Chris Farley, Penelope Spheeris, Dana Carvey, Tia Carrere, Rob Lowe, alice cooper
3 I rate Steve Rash movies. Any other suggestions?	Eddie

1 Toy Story 3, Inglourious Basterds, The Shining, The Dark Knight, Schindler's List, Star Trek, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Pan's Labyrinth
2 Who is that directed by?	Guillermo del Toro
3 I like John Hughes movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Breakfast Club

1 Wag the Dog, Chungking Express, The House of Yes, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Rope, Monster's Ball, and Get Shorty are movies I love. I'm looking for a Tilda Swinton movie.	Orlando
2 What else is that about?	Tilda Swinton, Virginia Woolf
3 I like flowers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Broken Flowers

1 True Romance, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Immortal Beloved, Clerks, Natural Born Killers, Pulp Fiction, and Murder in the First are films I love. I'm looking for a drugs movie.	Kids
2 What else is that about?	drugs, new york city, teen, teenagers, Rosario Dawson, Harmony Korine, Larry Clark
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Altered States

1 I liked Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Finding Nemo, Shaun of the Dead, Braveheart, Good Will Hunting, The Sandlot, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a time loop movie.	Groundhog Day
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Bill Murray, national film registry, time loop, 3, time, Harold Ramis, pennsylvania, Andie MacDowell, weatherman, loop
3 I rate Aliens movies. Any other suggestions?	Edge of Tomorrow

1 Romeo + Juliet, The Replacements, Best in Show, Bring It On, Major League, Shakespeare in Love, and Center Stage are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Crazy/Beautiful
2 What else is that about?	Kirsten Dunst
3 I rate Ryan Gosling movies. Any other suggestions?	All Good Things

1 Shanghai Noon, The Red Violin, For Love of the Game, Elizabeth, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Pay It Forward, and Erin Brockovich are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Moonstruck
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Nicolas Cage, Romantic Comedy, New York, Norman Jewison, Cher, Olympia Dukakis, John Patrick Shanley
3 I like Harold Lloyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Never Weaken

1 The Lion King, Saving Grace, As Good as It Gets, Life Is Beautiful, Hamlet, Red Dragon, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for a Tom Arnold movie.	Happy Endings
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Roos
3 I prefer Chris Columbus movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nine Months

1 Taxi Driver, The King of Comedy, The Best Years of Our Lives, The Philadelphia Story, Kind Hearts and Coronets, North by Northwest, and Days of Heaven are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Orson Welles movie.	The Magnificent Ambersons
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Orson Welles, bernard herrmann, Agnes Moorehead
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Immortal Story

1 Toy Story, The Out-of-Towners, Dick, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, She's All That, 10 Things I Hate About You, and American Pie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Drop Dead Gorgeous
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Patrick Jann
3 I rate Richard Benjamin movies. Any other suggestions?	Milk Money

1 Fight Club, The Emperor's New Groove, Back to the Future, Gladiator, X-Men, The Matrix, and The Green Mile are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	RoboCop
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, remake, Police, Corruption, science fiction
3 I prefer directorial debut movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Replacement Killers

1 The Wrong Trousers, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, A Close Shave, Pulp Fiction, Diva, and My Cousin Vinny are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Terminal
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Tom Hanks, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, Airport
3 I prefer Channing Tatum movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Magic Mike

1 Titanic, There's Something About Mary, The Usual Suspects, Erin Brockovich, Serial Mom, Babe, and Dead Again are films I love. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 What else is that about?	Horror, dvd, witch, found footage, video
3 I like Steve Carell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Evan Almighty

1 Air Force One, Die Another Day, Ed Wood, Shrek, Beverly Hills Cop, Rumble in the Bronx, and Parenthood are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Re-Animator
2 What else is that about?	Horror, lovecraft
3 I like Christopher Walken movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stand Up Guys

1 Amélie, The Right Stuff, Harold and Maude, Charade, Little Big Man, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fred Schepisi movie.	Roxanne
2 What else is that about?	Steve Martin, Fred Schepisi
3 I prefer Walter Matthau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I.Q.

1 The Fugitive, The Lion King, Clear and Present Danger, GoldenEye, True Lies, Braveheart, and Cliffhanger are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Firm
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer Bille Woodruff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Addicted

1 Life Is Beautiful, Citizen Kane, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Romancing the Stone, The Haunting, Men in Black, and Rebecca are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Capra
3 I like Gil Kenan movies more. Do you know anything else?	City of Ember

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Lethal Weapon 2, Lethal Weapon, The Last Samurai, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Men in Black are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Patriot
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I rate Toshio Masuda movies. Any other suggestions?	Rusty Knife

1 High Crimes, Free Willy, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, Maria Full of Grace, City Hall, The Godfather, and The Pelican Brief are movies I like. I'm looking for a covert operation movie.	Charlie Wilson's War
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols

1 La Femme Nikita, Chasing Amy, Clerks, Groundhog Day, Platoon, Boyz n the Hood, and Do the Right Thing are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Billy Bob Thornton movie.	The Man Who Wasn't There
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, noir, Billy Bob Thornton, Frances McDormand, James Gandolfini
3 I rate Halle Berry movies. Any other suggestions?	Monster's Ball

1 I really liked A Night at the Opera, Marty, Rear Window, The Philadelphia Story, Margin Call, The Quiet American, and And Now for Something Completely Different. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes
3 I like Edna May Oliver movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Tale of Two Cities

1 Easy Rider, Ghostbusters, Blow, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Island, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and A Clockwork Orange are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	13 Ghosts
2 Who is that directed by?	William Castle
3 I rate Erik Blomberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The White Reindeer

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Army of Darkness, Bowling for Columbine, Sideways, Donnie Darko, Juno, and Spider-Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lord of War
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I rate Raoul Walsh movies. Any other suggestions?	The Roaring Twenties

1 I loved Unforgiven, Pan's Labyrinth, Full Metal Jacket, The Wedding Banquet, Run Lola Run, JFK, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Kika
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar

1 Trainspotting, The Age of Innocence, Hoop Dreams, Leaving Las Vegas, Beauty and the Beast, Belle de Jour, and Dead Man Walking are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Underneath
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I loved American Beauty, Once Upon a Time in America, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, Forrest Gump, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ronin
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Robert De Niro, car chase, Jean Reno, chase, David Mamet, spy thriller, John Frankenheimer
3 I prefer comic book movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

1 I liked Titanic, Jurassic Park, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, The American President, Dirty Dancing, Angela's Ashes, and As Good as It Gets. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Assassins
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Richard Donner
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shaft

1 I liked The Thing from Another World, Rear Window, The Seventh Seal, Gods and Monsters, Heat, Unforgiven, and The Best Years of Our Lives. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 Who does that star?	Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn
3 I like Christian Slater movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Romance

1 I really liked Do the Right Thing, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Jaws, L.A. Confidential, Aliens, A Fish Called Wanda, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I like Bill Nighy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Piano, The Last Picture Show, The Graduate, The Hustler, American Beauty, and Misery are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Untamed Heart
2 Who does that star?	Marisa Tomei, Christian Slater
3 I like Chris O'Donnell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scent of a Woman

1 I watched the films Persona, The Conversation, The Magician, Amarcord, The Passenger, The Seventh Seal, and The Garden of the Finzi-Continis and loved them. I'm looking for an Ingmar Bergman movie.	The Virgin Spring
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, rape, medieval, Ingmar Bergman
3 I like War movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shame

1 I love Jerry Maguire, A Few Good Men, In the Line of Fire, Philadelphia, The Patriot, Monsters, Inc., and Million Dollar Baby. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, direction, series, Rupert Grint, David Yates
3 I prefer Shawn Levy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night at the Museum

1 I like The Princess Bride, Poison Ivy, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, The Godfather, Marathon Man, The 39 Steps, and The Vanishing. I'm looking for a François Truffaut movie.	The Wild Child
2 What else is that about?	François Truffaut
3 I prefer light movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Day for Night

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Air Force One, Liar Liar, A Clockwork Orange, Leaving Las Vegas, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I prefer Mark Waters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mean Girls

1 Angels in the Outfield, The Birdcage, Mr. Holland's Opus, Mary Poppins, When Harry Met Sally..., The Princess Bride, and The Lion King are films I loved. I'm looking for a forgettable movie.	Unforgettable
2 What else is that about?	forgettable

1 The Matrix, Unforgiven, The Name of the Rose, Predator, The Fifth Element, Aladdin, and True Lies are films I loved. I'm looking for a Marcia Gay Harden movie.	Mystic River
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mystery, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Laurence Fishburne, Laura Linney, Marcia Gay Harden

1 I like The Dark Knight Rises, The Matrix, The Dark Knight, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Good Will Hunting, and Inception. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Django Unchained
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, Quentin Tarantino, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Samuel L. Jackson, long, Western, Epic, brutal, spaghetti western, Christoph Waltz, Jamie Foxx, Oscar
3 I like John Wayne movies more. Do you know anything else?	She Wore a Yellow Ribbon

1 I really like Clear and Present Danger, The Shawshank Redemption, Miracle on 34th Street, Rob Roy, Dances with Wolves, Crimson Tide, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a military movie.	Outbreak
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, military, disease, Wolfgang Petersen
3 I rate futuristic movies. Any other suggestions?	Starship Troopers

1 Animal House, Saving Private Ryan, Howl's Moving Castle, Batman Begins, Mulholland Drive, Casino Royale, and The Aviator are movies I love. I'm looking for a Helena Bonham Carter movie.	Big Fish
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I prefer Hans Canosa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conversations with Other Women

1 I like Get Shorty, The Silence of the Lambs, The Graduate, The Sting, The Great Escape, The Wizard of Oz, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Paul Auster movie.	Smoke
2 What else is that about?	independent film, Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Wayne Wang, Paul Auster
3 I rate James Spader movies. Any other suggestions?	The Music of Chance

1 The Best Years of Our Lives, Midnight Cowboy, Never Cry Wolf, Sabrina, Citizen Kane, The Great Escape, and Shadowlands are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Sayles movie.	Passion Fish
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles

1 Hud, All Quiet on the Western Front, Gran Torino, M, The Conversation, Shadow of the Vampire, and The Terminator are films I like. I'm looking for a Mother movie.	Incendies
2 Who is that directed by?	Denis Villeneuve

1 I like A Streetcar Named Desire, The Maltese Falcon, Billy Elliot, His Girl Friday, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Back to the Future, and The Secret Garden. I'm looking for a Cameron Crowe movie.	Singles
2 Who is that directed by?	Cameron Crowe

1 In the Line of Fire, The Godfather, Hoop Dreams, Crimson Tide, The Crow, The Hudsucker Proxy, and Get Shorty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Ran
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, shakespeare, Akira Kurosawa, tragedy, kurosawa, Tatsuya Nakadai, powerful, shakespearean
3 I like Lewis Milestone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Edge of Darkness

1 An American Werewolf in London, Godzilla, Jingle All the Way, Creepshow, Screamers, The Shining, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	First Men in the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Lionel Jeffries, Martha Hyer, Edward Judd
3 I like Peter Masterson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Stepford Wives

1 I loved Monsters, Inc., Contact, Get Shorty, The Remains of the Day, Rushmore, Rumble in the Bronx, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Henry Winkler movie.	The Waterboy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, Kathy Bates, Fairuza Balk, Henry Winkler, Frank Coraci
3 I prefer Patricia Arquette movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Holes

1 I liked True Romance, In the Name of the Father, Heavenly Creatures, Hoop Dreams, Blade Runner, The Shawshank Redemption, and Smoke. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Father of the Bride Part II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, sequel, Steve Martin, Diane Keaton
3 I like Demetri Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	In a World...

1 Transformers, Lucky Number Slevin, The Bourne Identity, V for Vendetta, Casino Royale, Rushmore, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Will Ferrell movie.	Step Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	Adam McKay
3 I rate Jon Favreau movies. Any other suggestions?	Elf

1 Body Heat, In the Heat of the Night, Chinatown, Strangers on a Train, The Godfather, A Simple Plan, and Bonnie and Clyde are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Stephen Frears movie.	The Grifters
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Frears

1 Ghostbusters, Schindler's List, Before Sunrise, Apollo 13, The 400 Blows, The Producers, and Grave of the Fireflies are movies I love. I'm looking for a children movie.	Nobody Knows
2 Who is that directed by?	Hirokazu Koreeda
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Hook

1 Leaving Las Vegas, The Santa Clause, Walkabout, Black Beauty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Free Willy, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The American President
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Michael Douglas, president, Martin Sheen, Rob Reiner, Annette Bening, Aaron Sorkin
3 I prefer Short movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Music Box

1 I liked Clerks, Face/Off, The Usual Suspects, Bound, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Being John Malkovich, and Edward Scissorhands. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Wings of Desire
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I prefer Anthony Hopkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Slipstream

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Dead Man Walking, Patriot Games, To Kill a Mockingbird, Blink, Red Rock West, and Witness are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a William H. Macy movie.	Happy, Texas
2 What else is that about?	William H. Macy
3 I rate David Mamet movies. Any other suggestions?	State and Main

1 Gladiator, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Caddyshack, The Opposite of Sex, Unforgiven, Memento, and American Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a Dustin Hoffman movie.	Tootsie
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Sydney Pollack
3 I rate president movies. Any other suggestions?	Wag the Dog

1 Back to the Future, Dazed and Confused, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, A Grand Day Out, The Godfather, Say Anything..., and Mary Poppins are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wayne's World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mike Myers, tv, saturday night live, Chris Farley, Penelope Spheeris, Dana Carvey, Tia Carrere, Rob Lowe, alice cooper
3 I like Chris Columbus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mrs. Doubtfire

1 I love No Country for Old Men, American Beauty, Downfall, Das Boot, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, and 101 Reykjavík. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Narc
2 What else is that about?	Police, Joe Carnahan
3 I prefer Samuel L. Jackson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hard Eight

1 Rushmore, Pulp Fiction, Clerks, Nurse Betty, Dazed and Confused, The Royal Tenenbaums, and American Beauty are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Little
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I like Steven Brill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Deeds

1 I love Bonnie and Clyde, The Graduate, A Clockwork Orange, The Grapes of Wrath, Lawrence of Arabia, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Hoop Dreams. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	At Close Range
2 Who is that directed by?	James Foley
3 I like Joel Schumacher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flawless

1 The Sound of Music, The Shawshank Redemption, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Das Boot, The Fugitive, The Pianist, and Dances with Wolves are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Army of Darkness
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, stylized, Fantasy, r, own, usa, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Undead
3 I rate Robert Bresson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Trial of Joan of Arc

1 The Mummy, Big Jake, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, A Christmas Carol, The People That Time Forgot, The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean, and Time Bandits are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	The Dogs of War
2 Who is that directed by?	John Irvin
3 I like Walter Hill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Man Standing

1 The Dark Knight, Shoot 'Em Up, October Sky, Hot Fuzz, Iron Man, The Boondock Saints, and My Neighbor Totoro are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Howl's Moving Castle
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki
3 I like Hitoshi Matsumoto movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Man Japan

1 I love The Evil Dead, Duck Soup, A Brief History of Time, Waiting for Guffman, The General, The Birds, and Get Carter. I'm looking for a dissociative identity disorder movie.	The Three Faces of Eve
2 What else is that about?	dissociative identity disorder, Joanne Woodward

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Blazing Saddles, Network, A Clockwork Orange, Raging Bull, 8½, and Rear Window. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Fountain
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I prefer Mike Nichols movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Closer

1 Star Trek, A Grand Day Out, Shrek, The Dark Knight Rises, Spaceballs, Up, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hair movie.	Tangled
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Musical, fairy tale, Hair, Zachary Levi
3 I like road movie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Leningrad Cowboys Go America

1 Sleepers, The Rock, Heat, Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead, Phenomenon, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and Fargo are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, golf, hockey, Dennis Dugan
3 I like Gavin O'Connor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miracle

1 Pinocchio, Cinderella, Pete's Dragon, Bedazzled, A Walk to Remember, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Hemsworth movie.	Red Dawn
2 What else is that about?	Chris Hemsworth, invasion, Josh Hutcherson, occupation, Josh Peck, Adrianne Palicki
3 I like The Avengers movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Avengers

1 The Deer Hunter, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Before Sunrise, Apocalypse Now, The Godfather, Fargo, and The Hudsucker Proxy are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jason Robards movie.	Once Upon a Time in the West
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I like Sam Peckinpah movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ballad of Cable Hogue

1 A Knight's Tale, Star Trek, Enemy of the State, Finding Forrester, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Enemy at the Gates, and Schindler's List are movies I really like. I'm looking for an olympics movie.	Chariots of Fire
2 Who is that directed by?	Hugh Hudson
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Munich

1 The Breakfast Club, Ice Age, The Big Sleep, Roman Holiday, A Shot in the Dark, The Maltese Falcon, and Cinderella are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a noir movie.	D.O.A.
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, noir
3 I rate los angeles movies. Any other suggestions?	Blade Runner

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, High Fidelity, Bottle Rocket, Caddyshack, Animal House, and The Godfather are films I liked. I'm looking for a death movie.	Ikiru
2 Who does that star?	Takashi Shimura
3 I like Alain Prost movies more. Do you know anything else?	Senna

1 Little Big Man, Apocalypse Now, The Godfather, You've Got Mail, 48 Hrs., The French Connection, and Die Hard are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Dirty Harry
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Die Hard

1 I really like The Secret of NIMH, Saving Private Ryan, Batman, The Lady Vanishes, American Beauty, Blade Runner, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a Terry Gilliam movie.	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, War, Uma Thurman, Terry Gilliam, gilliam, Eric Idle, Jonathan Pryce
3 I rate monty python movies. Any other suggestions?	Monty Python and the Holy Grail

1 Rocky IV, The Boondock Saints, Meet the Parents, Rocky, True Romance, Monsters University, and Lucy are movies I love. I'm looking for a time travel movie.	The Time Traveler's Wife
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Rachel McAdams, Eric Bana, Robert Schwentke
3 I rate japan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl Who Leapt Through Time

1 I really liked The Full Monty, Notting Hill, About a Boy, Shrek, The Wizard of Oz, Gandhi, and Gosford Park. I'm looking for a russia movie.	Doctor Zhivago
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lean
3 I prefer Brad Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Transsiberian

1 The Pianist, Zoolander, Taxi 3, Taxi, Days of Thunder, Good Will Hunting, and The Matrix are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Vince Vaughn movie.	Old School
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Ron Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dilemma

1 Billy Madison, The Graduate, The Social Network, Four Rooms, When Harry Met Sally..., Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Mad Hot Ballroom
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, new york city, dance
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breakin'

1 MASH, The Joy Luck Club, Alien, Chinatown, Brazil, The Maltese Falcon, and In the Heat of the Night are films I liked. I'm looking for a Federico Fellini movie.	8½
2 What else is that about?	Federico Fellini, nino rota, fellini
3 I like Anthony Quinn movies more. Do you know anything else?	La Strada

1 I liked Apocalypse Now, Back to the Future, American History X, American Graffiti, The Departed, City of God, and The Best Years of Our Lives. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I rate Allan Burns movies. Any other suggestions?	Just Between Friends

1 I really like Schindler's List and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 Who is that directed by?	Bryan Singer
3 I like Peter Werner movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Man's Land

1 Scream 2, Fight Club, Pieces of April, L.A. Confidential, Scream, Waiting for Guffman, and American Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sarah Polley, Timothy Olyphant, Katie Holmes, Doug Liman
3 I prefer slapstick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crimewave

1 Blade Runner, Jaws, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Office Space, The Untouchables, The Sixth Sense, and Goodfellas are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Traffic
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer Stephen Herek movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Holland's Opus

1 I watched the films Eat Drink Man Woman, Schindler's List, Leaving Las Vegas, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I like animated movies more. Do you know anything else?	Antz

1 Miller's Crossing, Emma, Lone Star, Alien, Wag the Dog, Flirting with Disaster, and Ninotchka are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	His Girl Friday
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Ralph Bellamy, Rosalind Russell
3 I like Matt McCoy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rent-a-Kid

1 I like Gattaca, The A-Team, Sahara, Inception, X-Men, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Star Trek Into Darkness
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, science fiction, Star Trek, Simon Pegg, Leonard Nimoy, Benedict Cumberbatch, Anton Yelchin, John Cho, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Alice Eve, Zoe Saldana
3 I like cia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Clear and Present Danger

1 Chocolat, Pretty Woman, Spirited Away, Mulan, An Ideal Husband, Sleeping Beauty, and Hero are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wimbledon
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Kirsten Dunst, Paul Bettany, tennis
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shrek

1 The Game, Being John Malkovich, Blade Runner, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, For a Few Dollars More, and Apollo 13 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Barry Lyndon
2 Who does that star?	Patrick Magee, Ryan O'Neal, Hardy Krüger, Marisa Berenson
3 I prefer Kevin Costner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Perfect World

1 I watched the films Fargo, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Casino, Jaws, Heat, The Exorcist, and Swingers and loved them. I'm looking for an altman movie.	MASH
2 Who does that star?	Donald Sutherland, Tom Skerritt, Elliott Gould, Sally Kellerman
3 I rate Sterling Hayden movies. Any other suggestions?	The Long Goodbye

1 Moonrise Kingdom, Letters from Iwo Jima, The Endless Summer, American Hustle, Sense and Sensibility, Jerry Maguire, and The Seventh Seal are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Better Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	John Woo
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Valachi Papers

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Gladiator, Goodfellas, Airplane!, The Godfather, The Silence of the Lambs, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Road to Perdition
2 What else is that about?	violence, cinematography, Tom Hanks, Family, Jude Law, Daniel Craig, Paul Newman, Sam Mendes
3 I prefer Trial movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest

1 Saving Private Ryan, Cliffhanger, The Last of the Mohicans, Braveheart, Die Hard 2, Twister, and Die Hard are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cyrano de Bergerac
2 Who does that star?	Gérard Depardieu, Anne Brochet
3 I prefer Jane Seymour movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love, Wedding, Marriage

1 Airplane!, Romeo Is Bleeding, Boogie Nights, Caught, Slums of Beverly Hills, Citizen Kane, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	I Love You, I Love You Not
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Hopkins
3 I like Ettore Scola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Passion of Love

1 I like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Godfather, The Blues Brothers, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Blade Runner, and Unforgiven. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who is that directed by?	George B. Seitz
3 I prefer Mervyn LeRoy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil at 4 O'Clock

1 8½, The Usual Suspects, Diva, The Hudsucker Proxy, The Silence of the Lambs, Naked, and Strange Days are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, national film registry, Steven Soderbergh, lies, videotape
3 I prefer William Faulkner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	As I Lay Dying

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Taxi Driver, Blade Runner, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Henry Fonda movie.	Once Upon a Time in the West
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I like Melville Shavelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Yours, Mine and Ours

1 My Neighbor Totoro, Metropolis, Blade Runner, The Departed, Toy Story 3, Inception, and Fight Club are films I love. I'm looking for a space movie.	The Last Starfighter
2 What else is that about?	space, video game
3 I prefer nasa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apollo 13

1 21 Grams, Fight Club, Gangs of New York, Taxi Driver, Ichi the Killer, Babel, and Oldboy are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Angel Heart
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Mickey Rourke, Alan Parker
3 I rate shark movies. Any other suggestions?	Sand Sharks

1 Gladiator, Pulp Fiction, Total Recall, A Christmas Story, Back to the Future, Pay It Forward, and Galaxy Quest are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	An Officer and a Gentleman
2 What else is that about?	military, Richard Gere, Debra Winger, Taylor Hackford
3 I rate transgender movies. Any other suggestions?	Hedwig and the Angry Inch

1 Rushmore, A Clockwork Orange, The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Citizen Kane, and Fight Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Evil Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cult film, own, Demons, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Possession, gory
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Aladdin

1 Groundhog Day, The Usual Suspects, Shrek, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Matrix, Men in Black, and A Bug's Life are films I really liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich, Pete Docter, David Silverman
3 I rate John Hough movies. Any other suggestions?	Escape to Witch Mountain

1 Never Cry Wolf, 8 Seconds, The Santa Clause, King Kong, Alien, The Great Santini, and St. Elmo's Fire are movies I really like. I'm looking for a thailand movie.	Anna and the King
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, 19th century, thailand, siam
3 I rate erotic movies. Any other suggestions?	Emmanuelle

1 I really liked Sleepless in Seattle, The Importance of Being Earnest, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Dave, You've Got Mail, Toy Story, and My Blue Heaven. I'm looking for a robert downey jr movie.	Only You
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Destiny, Bonnie Hunt
3 I prefer Ron Underwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heart and Souls

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Singin' in the Rain, Run Lola Run, A Christmas Story, The Seventh Seal, Persona, and The Passion of Joan of Arc are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Quadrophenia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Topper Takes a Trip

1 The Godfather, Die Hard, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Sixth Sense, and Jaws are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Very Bad Things
2 What else is that about?	Peter Berg
3 I rate Lee Marvin movies. Any other suggestions?	Cat Ballou

1 Father of the Bride Part II, Twister, Independence Day, Sabrina, Fear, and Toy Story are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jack
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Robin Williams, Francis Ford Coppola, Jennifer Lopez
3 I rate Antonio Banderas movies. Any other suggestions?	Puss in Boots

1 L.A. Story, Muppet Treasure Island, Finding Forrester, Mississippi Burning, Toy Story, The Big Kahuna, and Bridget Jones's Diary are movies I like. I'm looking for a survival movie.	Touching the Void
2 Who does that star?	Joe Simpson
3 I like Giovanni Ribisi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flight of the Phoenix

1 Taxi Driver, Natural Born Killers, Kids, American Beauty, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, American Pie, and Beverly Hills Cop are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	He Got Game
2 What else is that about?	sports, basketball
3 I rate survival movies. Any other suggestions?	Flight of the Phoenix

1 Welcome to the Dollhouse, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Being John Malkovich, Forbidden Planet, The French Connection, A Fish Called Wanda, and The Dirty Dozen are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I rate Kieran Culkin movies. Any other suggestions?	Igby Goes Down

1 Singles, Out of Sight, The Hurricane, Forrest Gump, My Best Friend's Wedding, Waiting for Guffman, and Reality Bites are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I rate David Hare movies. Any other suggestions?	Page Eight

1 I watched the films Immortal Beloved, Schindler's List, Get Shorty, The Full Monty, Diner, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Four Weddings and a Funeral and loved them. I'm looking for an Alan Parker movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I rate capital punishment movies. Any other suggestions?	The Life of David Gale

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, Much Ado About Nothing, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Shallow Grave, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Usual Suspects, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for a seals movie.	The Secret of Roan Inish
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles
3 I rate Peter Berg movies. Any other suggestions?	Lone Survivor

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, The Shining, Amélie, Requiem for a Dream, Monsters, Inc., Memento, and Misery. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Exorcist
2 Who does that star?	Max von Sydow, Ellen Burstyn, Lee J. Cobb
3 I rate Alberto de Mendoza movies. Any other suggestions?	Horror Express

1 Monsters, Inc., Apollo 13, X-Men, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I love. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	A Few Good Men
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Kevin Bacon, Demi Moore
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Murder in the First

1 Braveheart, The Wizard of Oz, While You Were Sleeping, The American President, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Forrest Gump, and Ransom are films I love. I'm looking for a Jackie Chan movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Chan, Anita Mui
3 I rate Kent Cheng movies. Any other suggestions?	Crime Story

1 Back to the Future, Schindler's List, 300, Vanilla Sky, Trading Places, Sin City, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Michael
2 Who is that directed by?	Markus Schleinzer
3 I rate Roy Andersson movies. Any other suggestions?	A Swedish Love Story

1 Local Hero, A Clockwork Orange, Harold and Maude, Fried Green Tomatoes, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Phenomenon, and Dead Poets Society are films I loved. I'm looking for a Winona Ryder movie.	Heathers
2 Who does that star?	Winona Ryder, Christian Slater
3 I like Anthony LaPaglia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Autumn in New York

1 I liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love, Clueless, Young Frankenstein, Akira, Full Metal Jacket, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a Telly Savalas movie.	The Dirty Dozen
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, Charles Bronson, Robert Aldrich, Lee Marvin, Telly Savalas
3 I rate George Lazenby movies. Any other suggestions?	On Her Majesty's Secret Service

1 Apollo 13, Casino, Philadelphia, Nosferatu, Field of Dreams, Dirty Dancing, and The Client are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Casablanca

1 Mary and Max, Grizzly Man, Sling Blade, Gran Torino, Million Dollar Baby, Oldboy, and Boys Don't Cry are films I loved. I'm looking for a Danish movie.	Submarino
2 What else is that about?	Danish, Thomas Vinterberg
3 I like Susanne Bier movies more. Do you know anything else?	Open Hearts

1 Unforgiven, Gladiator, The Silence of the Lambs, Psycho, Die Hard, The Shining, and The Godfather are films I love. I'm looking for a 007 movie.	Casino Royale
2 What else is that about?	james bond, 007, Daniel Craig, bond, poker, Casino, bahamas, Martin Campbell
3 I like spy movies more. Do you know anything else?	For Your Eyes Only

1 Inception, The Bourne Supremacy, Back to the Future, The Bourne Ultimatum, Braveheart, Up, and Oldboy are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Danny Boyle movie.	127 Hours
2 Who does that star?	James Franco
3 I like James Nesbitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Millions

1 Sleepy Hollow, The Godfather, Iron Man 3, The Avengers, Life Is Beautiful, Django Unchained, and Peter Pan are films I liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	Iron Man 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Favreau
3 I like Sam Raimi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spider-Man 2

1 The Hunt for Red October, Rising Sun, The Fifth Element, Notting Hill, Dead Poets Society, Tin Men, and Ronin are films I loved. I'm looking for a Paul Weiland movie.	Roseanna's Grave
2 What else is that about?	Paul Weiland

1 I really liked Babe, Schindler's List, Rob Roy, The Fugitive, Fargo, Die Hard, and The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Quiz Show
2 What else is that about?	1950s, Ralph Fiennes, Robert Redford, John Turturro, Hank Azaria, Christopher McDonald, Paul Scofield, David Paymer
3 I prefer Ethan Hawke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before the Devil Knows You're Dead

1 I really liked Prisoners, The Social Network, Eyes Wide Shut, The Terminal, Cat's Eye, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and Slumdog Millionaire. I'm looking for a Nebraska movie.	Children of the Corn
2 Who does that star?	Linda Hamilton, Peter Horton
3 I rate Bruce Dern movies. Any other suggestions?	Nebraska

1 Babe, The Silence of the Lambs, The Beautician and the Beast, Jungle 2 Jungle, Liar Liar, Losing Isaiah, and Dances with Wolves are movies I love. I'm looking for a John Singleton movie.	Rosewood
2 What else is that about?	Don Cheadle, John Singleton
3 I rate Samuel L. Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	Shaft

1 Three Kings, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Office Space, Reservoir Dogs, The Fifth Element, Desperado, and National Lampoon's Vacation are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Blues Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I prefer Alexander Korda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Private Life of Don Juan

1 Once Upon a Time in the West, Inception, The Proposition, Everything Is Illuminated, The King's Speech, City of God, and The Big Lebowski are films I really liked. I'm looking for a hong kong movie.	Kung Fu Hustle
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Chow
3 I rate John Woo movies. Any other suggestions?	Hard Boiled

1 A Clockwork Orange, The Godfather, The Avengers, Blade Runner, True Grit, Melancholia, and The Dark Knight are movies I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Innkeepers
2 What else is that about?	Horror
3 I prefer dean koontz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Phantoms

1 I love Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Untouchables, Clue, Planet of the Apes, The Player, Night of the Living Dead, and Jackie Brown. I'm looking for a Winona Ryder movie.	Beetlejuice
2 Who does that star?	Alec Baldwin, Geena Davis
3 I like Keanu Reeves movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Scanner Darkly

1 Splash, The Great Escape, The Untouchables, The Hudsucker Proxy, Good Will Hunting, Harold and Maude, and The Last Emperor are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Men
2 Who does that star?	Danny DeVito, Richard Dreyfuss, Barbara Hershey
3 I rate Judge Reinhold movies. Any other suggestions?	Head Office

1 I loved Evolution, Kelly's Heroes, Enemy at the Gates, Blade II, Gladiator, Minority Report, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a noir movie.	The Last Seduction
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl
3 I prefer Jacques Tourneur movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Out of the Past

1 I watched the films American History X, The Matrix, The Bourne Identity, Fight Club, Juno, The Fifth Element, and Sin City and loved them. I'm looking for a Jennifer Connelly movie.	Blood Diamond
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I prefer Ang Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hulk

1 The Sixth Sense, Rear Window, Happy Gilmore, Dazed and Confused, Ghostbusters, Wayne's World, and Memento are movies I like. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Stir of Echoes
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon
3 I prefer Colin Firth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Where the Truth Lies

1 I really like Dark City, Blade Runner, Aliens, Schindler's List, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Ray Liotta movie.	Field of Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Drama, Kevin Costner, Ray Liotta, James Earl Jones, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I rate Crime movies. Any other suggestions?	Revolver

1 I like Superman II, Dark City, Dune, The Running Man, Men in Black, Superman, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Yellow Submarine
2 What else is that about?	Animation, beatles, The Beatles
3 I prefer Genndy Tartakovsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hotel Transylvania

1 In Like Flint, Bambi, Rope, Yankee Doodle Dandy, Down by Law, October Sky, and How Green Was My Valley are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	Austin Powers in Goldmember
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Michael York, Seth Green, Beyoncé Knowles
3 I prefer Julie Andrews movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shrek 2

1 The 13th Warrior, The Godfather, Airplane!, Suicide Kings, 12 Angry Men, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Louis Leterrier movie.	Unleashed
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Morgan Freeman, Jet Li, Louis Leterrier
3 I like Mark Ruffalo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Now You See Me

1 Braveheart, Back to the Future, Mad Max, The Hunt for Red October, The Terminator, Lethal Weapon, and Die Hard are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Alien
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, space, Horror, franchise, acting, story, science fiction, national film registry, Ridley Scott, script, Sigourney Weaver, Alien, direction, hugo award, Ian Holm, ai, spaceship, h. r. giger
3 I like werewolf movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Moon

1 Stripes, Slumdog Millionaire, Gladiator, Blow, Frost/Nixon, Finding Neverland, and Titanic are films I liked. I'm looking for a stranded movie.	Life of Pi
2 Who does that star?	Irrfan Khan, Suraj Sharma
3 I prefer Deborah Kerr movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison

1 I watched the films O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Back to the Future, The Wizard of Oz, And Now for Something Completely Different, The Philadelphia Story, The Wrong Trousers, and Chinatown and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Raven
2 Who is that directed by?	Ulli Lommel
3 I like Bill Duke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deep Cover

1 His Girl Friday, Annie Hall, The Philadelphia Story, The Seventh Seal, Analyze This, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and The Right Stuff are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I like John Madden movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shakespeare in Love

1 Strictly Ballroom, Jackie Brown, Annie Hall, Bonnie and Clyde, MASH, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and L.A. Confidential are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Elia Kazan movie.	Gentleman's Agreement
2 What else is that about?	Gregory Peck, anti-semitism, Elia Kazan
3 I rate Marlon Brando movies. Any other suggestions?	On the Waterfront

1 The Amityville Horror, Super Size Me, Requiem for a Dream, Before Sunset, Shutter Island, American Beauty, and Kids are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Virgin Suicides
2 Who does that star?	Kirsten Dunst, Josh Hartnett, James Woods, Kathleen Turner
3 I rate Robert Sean Leonard movies. Any other suggestions?	Swing Kids

1 Gone Baby Gone, Requiem for a Dream, Walk the Line, Oldboy, 25th Hour, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Closer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Natalie Portman, Jude Law, Julia Roberts, Clive Owen, Mike Nichols
3 I like Hank Azaria movies more. Do you know anything else?	Homegrown

1 The Firm, Outbreak, Braveheart, Much Ado About Nothing, The Fugitive, Clear and Present Danger, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Philadelphia
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I like Richard Thorpe movies more. Do you know anything else?	Knights of the Round Table

1 I like Chicken Run, Gladiator, Fight Club, The Sixth Sense, Vertigo, L.A. Confidential, and Elizabeth. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boiler Room
2 Who does that star?	Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Nia Long, Nicky Katt
3 I like Walter Pidgeon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shopworn Angel

1 City Slickers, Tootsie, Of Mice and Men, Sophie's Choice, All Quiet on the Western Front, Ed Wood, and Scream 2 are films I like. I'm looking for a Godzilla movie.	Godzilla
2 Who does that star?	Takashi Shimura, Akira Takarada, Akihiko Hirata
3 I like Ken Tanaka movies more. Do you know anything else?	Godzilla 1985

1 Street Kings, Knight and Day, The Terminator, Up, District 9, Broken Arrow, and The Village are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Grudge 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Toby Wilkins
3 I prefer Fred Walton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	April Fool's Day

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Sleepy Hollow, The Full Monty, National Lampoon's Vacation, Schindler's List, Life Is Beautiful, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Patriot Games
2 What else is that about?	Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, Thora Birch, jack ryan, Sean Bean, Phillip Noyce
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Clear and Present Danger

1 The Lion King, The Mask, The Last of the Mohicans, The Blues Brothers, To Catch a Thief, Sleeper, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	8½
2 Who does that star?	Marcello Mastroianni
3 I like Guy Pearce movies more. Do you know anything else?	Till Human Voices Wake Us

1 I watched the films Tombstone, While You Were Sleeping, Pulp Fiction, Sleepless in Seattle, Clueless, When Harry Met Sally..., and Gone with the Wind and loved them. I'm looking for a Speed movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I prefer utah movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The World's Fastest Indian

1 Apollo 13, The Godfather, Shrek, The Exorcist, Psycho, A Beautiful Mind, and Scarface are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Silver Streak
2 What else is that about?	Train, Arthur Hiller
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Valentine's Day

1 I loved Schindler's List, Tombstone, Good Will Hunting, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Rock, Three Kings, and Much Ado About Nothing. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Booty Call
2 Who is that directed by?	Jeff Pollack
3 I like Marcello Fondato movies more. Do you know anything else?	Charleston

1 Aliens, Gravity, The Machinist, A Bronx Tale, Gladiator, Scarface, and Glengarry Glen Ross are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Onion Movie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy
3 I prefer drag movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Connie and Carla

1 Swingers, Election, Con Air, The Shawshank Redemption, In the Line of Fire, Ghost, and The Game are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	Indochine
2 What else is that about?	French, vietnam
3 I rate Michael Haneke movies. Any other suggestions?	Amour

1 Love and Death on Long Island, Bad Day at Black Rock, Yankee Doodle Dandy, Citizen Ruth, The Bad News Bears, Sweet Smell of Success, and 12 Angry Men are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wag the Dog
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Vincente Minnelli movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reluctant Debutante

1 I watched the films Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Casablanca, Farewell My Concubine, Take the Money and Run, The Year of Living Dangerously, Jean de Florette, and Citizen Kane and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swept Away
2 Who does that star?	Giancarlo Giannini, Mariangela Melato
3 I prefer Álex Angulo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Day of the Beast

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Cinderella, Toy Story 2, Annie Hall, Beauty and the Beast, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Yellow Submarine
2 What else is that about?	Animation, beatles, The Beatles
3 I prefer Jack Nicholson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mars Attacks!

1 I watched the films Zoolander, The Usual Suspects, and Trading Places and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Super Troopers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jay Chandrasekhar
3 I rate misogynistic movies. Any other suggestions?	Horrible Bosses

1 Roman Holiday, The Italian Job, All the President's Men, Kelly's Heroes, GoldenEye, How to Steal a Million, and Sabrina are films I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Taxi 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Gérard Krawczyk
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Clueless, Toy Story, Forrest Gump, Restoration, The Mask, Pulp Fiction, and Twister are films I love. I'm looking for a F. Gary Gray movie.	Friday
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chris Tucker, Ice Cube, stoner, F. Gary Gray
3 I like Elmore Leonard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Be Cool

1 I loved Requiem for a Dream, A Clockwork Orange, Donnie Darko, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Inglourious Basterds, and Hot Fuzz. I'm looking for an Edgar Wright movie.	Shaun of the Dead
2 Who does that star?	Simon Pegg, Nick Frost

1 The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Dances with Wolves, Taxi Driver, Braveheart, Quiz Show, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I like Joe Dante movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hole

1 Hope and Glory, Das Boot, The Sound of Music, Run Lola Run, The Graduate, Mary Poppins, and Jaws are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, light, Gene Kelly, Stanley Donen
3 I rate Will Ferrell movies. Any other suggestions?	Land of the Lost

1 Breaking Away, Rear Window, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Princess Bride, Annie Hall, Auntie Mame, and American Beauty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a mamet movie.	House of Games
2 Who does that star?	Joe Mantegna, Lindsay Crouse
3 I rate Rebecca Pidgeon movies. Any other suggestions?	Edmond

1 I really liked Disclosure, Clear and Present Danger, Speed, Crimson Tide, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Beauty and the Beast, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Jurassic Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Michael Crichton movies. Any other suggestions?	Westworld

1 Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, The Remains of the Day, Speed, The American President, and The Usual Suspects are films I like. I'm looking for a Phillip Noyce movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Salt

1 I love Grave of the Fireflies, Metropolis, As Good as It Gets, Scarface, Winged Migration, The Tenant, and The Terminator. I'm looking for an Ashton Kutcher movie.	Jobs
2 What else is that about?	Ashton Kutcher
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Open Season

1 I really liked Lord of War, Black Swan, Her, Up, Schindler's List, The Pianist, and Avatar. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Whiplash
2 Who is that directed by?	Damien Chazelle
3 I like Nick Hamm movies more. Do you know anything else?	Killing Bono

1 Das Boot, The Hunt for Red October, Groundhog Day, The Godfather, Glory, A Bug's Life, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Say Anything...
2 What else is that about?	Romance, High School, directorial debut, romantic, John Cusack, Cameron Crowe, graduation, Ione Skye
3 I like Jackie Chan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Big Soldier

1 Natural Born Killers, The Silence of the Lambs, In the Name of the Father, Dead Man Walking, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, and Sleepless in Seattle are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All Things Fair
2 Who does that star?	Johan Widerberg, Marika Lagercrantz
3 I prefer Mischa Barton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Julie Johnson

1 Beverly Hills Cop II, Caddyshack, Beetlejuice, Parenthood, Trading Places, I'm Gonna Git You Sucka, and Lethal Weapon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Herman Melville movie.	Moby Dick
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Richard Basehart, Leo Genn
3 I prefer Danny Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Age of the Dragons

1 The Natural, Spartacus, Rebel Without a Cause, From Here to Eternity, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Halloween, and The Bourne Supremacy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Aviator
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Cate Blanchett, Kate Beckinsale, John C. Reilly
3 I like Dennis Quaid movies more. Do you know anything else?	Postcards from the Edge

1 I liked Minority Report, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Terminator, Braveheart, Old School, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Maverick. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	We Were Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Randall Wallace
3 I prefer Kasi Lemmons movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eve's Bayou

1 Inception, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Dark Knight, American Beauty, Reservoir Dogs, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dark City
2 Who does that star?	Charlton Heston, Dean Jagger, Lizabeth Scott
3 I rate Ray Liotta movies. Any other suggestions?	Article 99

1 Jurassic Park, The Hours, Schindler's List, Life Is Beautiful, The English Patient, Moulin Rouge!, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I loved. I'm looking for a Rob Marshall movie.	Chicago
2 What else is that about?	Music, murder, Musical, jazz, Richard Gere, Chicago, John C. Reilly, Queen Latifah, Rob Marshall
3 I rate Meryl Streep movies. Any other suggestions?	Into the Woods

1 I really liked Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Mary Poppins, Dead Again, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Superman, The Manchurian Candidate, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Michael Hoffman movie.	Soapdish
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Hoffman

1 Being There, A Fish Called Wanda, Fitzcarraldo, Mystery Train, Bob Roberts, Stop Making Sense, and Vertigo are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jonathan Demme movie.	Married to the Mob
2 What else is that about?	mafia, fbi, Michelle Pfeiffer, Jonathan Demme, demme
3 I like cambodia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swimming to Cambodia

1 Sullivan's Travels, The 400 Blows, Gentleman's Agreement, All About Eve, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Manhattan, and High and Low are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Matinee
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I prefer Dan Ireland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont

1 I liked The Blair Witch Project, The Last Days of Disco, Love and Death on Long Island, Office Space, The Graduate, Affliction, and Happiness. I'm looking for an altman movie.	Cookie's Fortune
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, Robert Altman, altman
3 I prefer Radio movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Prairie Home Companion

1 The Secret of NIMH, Chinatown, Taxi Driver, Manhattan, A Streetcar Named Desire, Badlands, and All About Eve are movies I liked. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	Annie Hall
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Woody Allen
3 I like Richard Beymer movies more. Do you know anything else?	West Side Story

1 Out of Sight, The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Shawshank Redemption, Jackie Brown, As Good as It Gets, The Fugitive, and U Turn are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Danny DeVito movie.	Get Shorty
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Richard LaGravenese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Living Out Loud

1 The Great White Hype, Spartacus, Easy Rider, Miracle on 34th Street, Sleeper, The Joy Luck Club, and Body Snatchers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a History movie.	Tom Jones
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, british, Tony Richardson
3 I rate Heath Ledger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Patriot

1 I liked Being John Malkovich, True Romance, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Gattaca, Army of Darkness, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for an Eliza Dushku movie.	Bring It On
2 What else is that about?	High School, Kirsten Dunst, cheerleading, Eliza Dushku, Peyton Reed
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wrong Turn

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Patton, Fargo, The Wizard of Oz, Gladiator, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, and Stand by Me are films I love. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	The Untouchables
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Robert De Niro, Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, ennio morricone, Brian De Palma, David Mamet, prohibition, na
3 I rate Prison movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hill

1 Aladdin, Taxi Driver, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The American President, and Beauty and the Beast are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I.Q.
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Fred Schepisi
3 I like Frank Launder movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Happiest Days of Your Life

1 I like The Terminator, Contact, Starship Troopers, Wag the Dog, The Fugitive, The Godfather, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a Ridley Scott movie.	G.I. Jane
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott, Demi Moore
3 I prefer Edward James Olmos movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blade Runner

1 A Prophet, Fight Club, Kingdom of Heaven, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, American History X, Pulp Fiction, and American Psycho are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Leonardo DiCaprio, addiction, Mark Wahlberg, basketball, heroin
3 I rate Robert Redford movies. Any other suggestions?	The Horse Whisperer

1 Beauty and the Beast, Shine, When Harry Met Sally..., High Noon, Magnolia, 12 Angry Men, and A Fistful of Dollars are movies I love. I'm looking for a cons movie.	The Sting
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill

1 I really liked La Grande Illusion, Pinocchio, Seven Samurai, The Sixth Sense, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Godfather, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a children movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 Who is that directed by?	Lee Unkrich, Pete Docter, David Silverman
3 I like Joe Johnston movies more. Do you know anything else?	Honey, I Shrunk the Kids

1 Saving Private Ryan, Big, Braveheart, The Sound of Music, Field of Dreams, Lawrence of Arabia, and The Secret of Roan Inish are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Prison, national film registry, Paul Newman, George Kennedy, Stuart Rosenberg
3 I rate courtesan movies. Any other suggestions?	Dangerous Beauty

1 I love Meet Joe Black, The Passion of the Christ, Zombieland, Dracula, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Silence of the Lambs, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Entrapment
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Amiel
3 I prefer Peter Hyams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Presidio

1 It's a Wonderful Life, Citizen Kane, Being John Malkovich, Trainspotting, Almost Famous, Psycho, and Annie Hall are films I really liked. I'm looking for a cia movie.	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, cia, Charlie Kaufman, Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore, biographical
3 I prefer Matt Damon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Syriana

1 I really liked Batman, Batman Forever, Much Ado About Nothing, Forrest Gump, First Knight, Dave, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Anthony Quinn, Giancarlo Giannini
3 I rate Sandra Bullock movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lake House

1 I love Fight Club, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Inception, Aliens, V for Vendetta, Watchmen, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Cabin in the Woods
2 What else is that about?	Horror, satire, r, directorial debut, Joss Whedon, meta, Chris Hemsworth, cabin, Drew Goddard, Fran Kranz
3 I rate Edgar Allan Poe movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fall of the House of Usher

1 I really liked Happy Gilmore, White Squall, and Twister. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I rate Tracey Ullman movies. Any other suggestions?	Kronk's New Groove

1 The Green Mile, The Silence of the Lambs, Ray, The Notebook, Dead Poets Society, Good Will Hunting, and Sicko are films I loved. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	Spy Game
2 What else is that about?	r, Brad Pitt, spy, Robert Redford, Tony Scott
3 I rate con men movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sting

1 Memento, Batman, Lethal Weapon 2, The Terminator, Young Sherlock Holmes, Proof of Life, and Pay It Forward are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Emperor's New Groove
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Dindal
3 I rate Steve Hickner movies. Any other suggestions?	Bee Movie

1 The Shining, The Godfather, A Clockwork Orange, The Usual Suspects, Brazil, The Shawshank Redemption, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Trainspotting
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, british, 1980s, Ewan McGregor, addiction, heroin, Danny Boyle, drug addiction, united kingdom, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, scottish, Irvine Welsh, edinburgh, Kevin McKidd, Jonny Lee Miller, drug
3 I prefer George Gallo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Middle Men

1 Office Space, Pulp Fiction, Apocalypse Now, Fargo, North by Northwest, The Matrix, and Nineteen Eighty-Four are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Angela Bassett movie.	Strange Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I like Wes Craven movies more. Do you know anything else?	Vampire in Brooklyn

1 Dead Again, The Birds, Time Bandits, Run Lola Run, The Name of the Rose, American Beauty, and West Side Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a David Lynch movie.	The Elephant Man
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, John Hurt, Anne Bancroft, John Gielgud
3 I like Patricia Arquette movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lost Highway

1 Bend It Like Beckham, Dances with Wolves, The Gods Must Be Crazy, The Bourne Identity, Bridget Jones's Diary, Lethal Weapon, and Blade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sentinel
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, Michael Douglas, secret service
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blackmail

1 Heathers, Clerks, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Gladiator, Thirteen Days, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Superman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Waters movie.	Pink Flamingos
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, John Waters, Divine
3 I rate sex comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	A Dirty Shame

1 The Usual Suspects, Black Hawk Down, The Dark Knight, and The Boondock Saints are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Black Cat, White Cat
2 Who is that directed by?	Emir Kusturica
3 I rate Stephen Herek movies. Any other suggestions?	Man of the House

1 Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an own movie.	A Close Shave
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I like Morgan Spurlock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Super Size Me

1 I watched the films Next, Get Smart, A Walk in the Clouds, Frequency, Bride Wars, Where the Heart Is, and Kung Fu Panda and loved them. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	The Perfect Holiday
2 Who does that star?	Morris Chestnut, Gabrielle Union
3 I prefer William Hickey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Nightmare Before Christmas

1 I really liked Up, Casablanca, Pan's Labyrinth, American Beauty, Amélie, The Lives of Others, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for an own movie.	Chocolat
2 What else is that about?	French, france, own, Judi Dench, Juliette Binoche, Chocolate, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate teaching movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Poets Society

1 The Crying Game, Ed Wood, Blade Runner, Natural Born Killers, Heavenly Creatures, Underground, and Antonia's Line are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Paul Auster movie.	Smoke
2 What else is that about?	independent film, Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Wayne Wang, Paul Auster
3 I prefer Mandy Patinkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Music of Chance

1 The Matrix, The Hunt for Red October, Die Hard, V for Vendetta, Monsters, Inc., The Green Mile, and Gladiator are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Star Trek
2 What else is that about?	Action, time travel, Adventure, space, franchise, alternate reality, future, story, long, Star Trek, plot, Leonard Nimoy, Eric Bana, reboot, pace, spock, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, beginning, production
3 I like Christopher Guest movies more. Do you know anything else?	Almost Heroes

1 I liked The Shawshank Redemption, Amélie, Watchmen, The Matrix, Fight Club, Equilibrium, and The Lives of Others. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	V for Vendetta
2 Who is that directed by?	James McTeigue
3 I prefer Dito Montiel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Son of No One

1 I like American Beauty, Memento, Coming to America, Eat Drink Man Woman, Harold and Maude, Hotel Rwanda, and The Dreamlife of Angels. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Racing with the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Sean Penn, Elizabeth McGovern
3 I like Edward Burns movies more. Do you know anything else?	She's the One

1 Braveheart, Babe, The Net, Outbreak, Apollo 13, Crimson Tide, and While You Were Sleeping are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	First Knight
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Richard Gere, Julia Ormond, Ben Cross
3 I like Christina Ricci movies more. Do you know anything else?	Miranda

1 Fear, The Arrival, The Island of Dr. Moreau, Sgt. Bilko, Heat, A Time to Kill, and Kingpin are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Two If by Sea
2 Who does that star?	Sandra Bullock, Denis Leary
3 I prefer Michael Pitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Murder by Numbers

1 I really liked Rebel Without a Cause, The Quiet Man, The Little Mermaid, Seven Samurai, The Jungle Book, The Remains of the Day, and Strictly Ballroom. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, own, best picture, Alec Guinness, David Lean, William Holden, bridge
3 I prefer criterion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ride with the Devil

1 Dial M for Murder, The Sound of Music, The Birds, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, To Catch a Thief, Singin' in the Rain, and From Here to Eternity are films I love. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Bad Seed
2 Who does that star?	Eileen Heckart, Nancy Kelly, Patty McCormack, Henry Jones
3 I prefer Elijah Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Oxford Murders

1 Corrina, Corrina, Addams Family Values, Twister, The Nutty Professor, Mrs. Doubtfire, Canadian Bacon, and Michael are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Boomerang
2 Who is that directed by?	Reginald Hudlin
3 I prefer Jon Sherman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I'm with Lucy

1 Apollo 13, Jumanji, Bringing Up Baby, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Ghostbusters, The Little Mermaid, and Groundhog Day are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Brian Dennehy movie.	Cocoon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Aliens, Alien, Ron Howard, Steve Guttenberg, Brian Dennehy, Jessica Tandy, Hume Cronyn
3 I like Richard Crenna movies more. Do you know anything else?	First Blood

1 The Firm, First Knight, Aladdin, Tombstone, Forrest Gump, Toy Story, and Philadelphia are films I loved. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Nell
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate Olivia Wilde movies. Any other suggestions?	Third Person

1 I really like War of the Worlds, Surf's Up, Constantine, Slumdog Millionaire, Red Planet, Fight Club, and The Bourne Identity. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Major Payne
2 Who does that star?	Damon Wayans
3 I prefer Lesley Ann Warren movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life Stinks

1 Star Trek, Crash, Toy Story 3, Ice Age, I Am Sam, A Perfect World, and The Shining are movies I like. I'm looking for a marvel cinematic universe movie.	Iron Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, superhero, comic book, dialogue, story, military, marvel, terrorism, business, kidnapping, script, Jeff Bridges, technology, Gwyneth Paltrow, product placement, marvel cinematic universe, California, weapons, Iron Man, The Avengers, Jon Favreau, Terrence Howard, playboy, exoskeleton
3 I like Rebecca Hall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Iron Man 3

1 Rear Window, Unforgiven, Groundhog Day, The Terminator, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Das Boot, and Fargo are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Al Pacino, Russell Crowe, Michael Mann, tobacco
3 I like David Mamet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Oleanna

1 Superbad, A Charlie Brown Christmas, Pan's Labyrinth, Juno, Pineapple Express, Food, Inc., and Amélie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Lukas Moodysson movie.	Show Me Love
2 What else is that about?	small town, teen, teddy award, Lukas Moodysson

1 I really like Get Shorty, Crimson Tide, Disclosure, Dave, Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, and Clear and Present Danger. I'm looking for a schwarzenegger movie.	True Lies
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Jamie Lee Curtis, 1, schwarzenegger
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	End of Days

1 True Lies, Mr. Holland's Opus, Dolores Claiborne, Hoop Dreams, The Madness of King George, Dead Man Walking, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a Leonardo DiCaprio movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer violent movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gangs of New York

1 Rashomon, The Big Lebowski, Inglourious Basterds, The Godfather, MASH, and Goodfellas are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	La Haine
2 Who is that directed by?	Mathieu Kassovitz
3 I prefer Michael Winterbottom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Mighty Heart

1 The Bourne Supremacy, U-571, 25th Hour, Fight Club, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Seven Years in Tibet, and Tampopo are films I really like. I'm looking for a Robert Ludlum movie.	The Bourne Identity
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Clive Owen, Franka Potente, Chris Cooper
3 I rate Julia Stiles movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 I really like Big Daddy, Mission to Mars, Erin Brockovich, The Sixth Sense, The Way of the Gun, The Patriot, and Rushmore. I'm looking for a James Wong movie.	Final Destination
2 Who does that star?	Ali Larter, Devon Sawa, Kerr Smith
3 I prefer Jet Li movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The One

1 The Lady Eve, How Green Was My Valley, Rain, The Women, Pal Joey, The Secret Garden, and Pather Panchali are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bananas
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Louise Lasser
3 I prefer Joe Pesci movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Super

1 The Sting, It's a Wonderful Life, Tarzan, Contact, The Sixth Sense, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Groundhog Day are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Spencer Tracy movie.	Inherit the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kramer
3 I prefer Mervyn LeRoy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo

1 I love The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I rate alcoholism movies. Any other suggestions?	The Country Girl

1 I love Scent of a Woman, Tombstone, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Anger Management, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I like Shane West movies more. Do you know anything else?	Echelon Conspiracy

1 I watched the films Sense and Sensibility, Twilight, Dune, Dogma, The Little Mermaid, The Lion King, and The Right Stuff and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Notting Hill
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, british, London, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, Hugh Grant, Rhys Ifans, Roger Michell, Gina McKee
3 I prefer Romany Malco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Love Guru

1 The Sixth Sense, Reservoir Dogs, Trainspotting, The Usual Suspects, American Beauty, American History X, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I love. I'm looking for a Joe Pantoliano movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I rate science movies. Any other suggestions?	The Matrix

1 I really like You've Got Mail, Phantasm, Men in Black, Forever Young, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Stargate, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Total Recall
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Philip K. Dick, arnold, Paul Verhoeven, Sharon Stone, jerry goldsmith
3 I like Roland Emmerich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Universal Soldier

1 I loved The Matrix, The Big Lebowski, The Dark Knight, The Boondock Saints, Angels in the Outfield, The Doors, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Mighty Ducks
2 Who does that star?	Emilio Estevez
3 I rate John Goodman movies. Any other suggestions?	Arachnophobia

1 I loved Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Charlie's Angels, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, American Beauty, The Godfather, and One Hour Photo. I'm looking for a Music movie.	A Mighty Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest
3 I like Jason Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pitch Perfect

1 I loved The Year of Living Dangerously, As Good as It Gets, The Philadelphia Story, The Hunt for Red October, Annie Hall, Enchanted April, and Romeo and Juliet. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Next Stop Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Brad Anderson
3 I rate Australia movies. Any other suggestions?	Young Einstein

1 Blade Runner, Gattaca, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pi, The Terminator, L.A. Confidential, and Toy Story are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lion King
2 What else is that about?	classic, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, africa, own, animated, animals, Matthew Broderick, hans zimmer, Jeremy Irons, lions, disney renaissance, Hamlet, Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I prefer stop motion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Close Shave

1 I liked Beverly Hills Cop, Steel Magnolias, The Jerk, Anna and the King, The Omen, Dead Poets Society, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a cover up movie.	Enemy of the State
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Will Smith, Gene Hackman, cover up, Tony Scott, jerry bruckheimer

1 Tora! Tora! Tora!, Midnight Cowboy, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Farewell My Concubine, American Graffiti, The Color Purple, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Ritchie movie.	The Bad News Bears
2 Who does that star?	Walter Matthau, Tatum O'Neal
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Downhill Racer

1 Sleeping Beauty, Dirty Dancing, Sleeper, Fargo, GoldenEye, Benji, and Love Actually are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dream for an Insomniac
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Aniston, Michael Landes, Ione Skye, Mackenzie Astin
3 I like Michael Wilding movies more. Do you know anything else?	An Ideal Husband

1 Paths of Glory, Sneakers, Blazing Saddles, Men in Black, Rob Roy, The Outlaw Josey Wales, and Contact are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Rocketeer
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Connelly, Alan Arkin, Timothy Dalton, Billy Campbell
3 I prefer Hrithik Roshan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Krrish

1 From Russia with Love, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Godfather, American Beauty, The Jungle Book, Psycho, and Inherit the Wind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	High Plains Drifter
2 Who is that directed by?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Sergio Leone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For a Few Dollars More

1 My Best Friend's Wedding, Big, The Deer Hunter, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, A League of Their Own, Saving Private Ryan, and The Secret Garden are movies I like. I'm looking for a Shelley Long movie.	The Money Pit
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Benjamin

1 Hackers, The Usual Suspects, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Clueless, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, and Aladdin are movies I love. I'm looking for a Nicholas Hytner movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner
3 I rate british movies. Any other suggestions?	The History Boys

1 Back to the Future, Magnolia, Ghost World, Mulholland Drive, Boys Don't Cry, Welcome to the Dollhouse, and The Piano are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Spy Kids
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas, Carla Gugino, Daryl Sabara
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Finding Neverland

1 Chinatown, Casino, Sophie's Choice, Ordinary People, Paris, Texas, Get Shorty, and Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ken Loach movie.	My Name Is Joe
2 What else is that about?	Ken Loach
3 I rate spanish civil war movies. Any other suggestions?	Land and Freedom

1 Driving Miss Daisy, Lone Star, Pulp Fiction, Babe, My Life as a Dog, Chasing Amy, and The Unbearable Lightness of Being are films I really liked. I'm looking for a boarding school movie.	Outside Providence
2 What else is that about?	boarding school
3 I prefer 1950s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Evil

1 Natural Born Killers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Stand by Me, Sense and Sensibility, Boogie Nights, Central Station, and Phenomenon are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Living in Oblivion
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, Catherine Keener
3 I prefer Paddy Considine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Room for Romeo Brass

1 Psycho, Looking for Richard, Trainspotting, 'Til There Was You, The Devil's Own, Matilda, and Shiloh are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Robert M. Young movie.	Caught
2 What else is that about?	Robert M. Young

1 I really liked The Wild Bunch, Taxi Driver, Psycho, Black Narcissus, The Mummy, On the Waterfront, and Laura. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	Red River
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, John Wayne, Howard Hawks
3 I rate Otto Preminger movies. Any other suggestions?	In Harm's Way

1 Billy Elliot, Big Night, Wings of Desire, The Godfather, Chinatown, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Rear Window are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Crimes and Misdemeanors
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Martin Ritt movies. Any other suggestions?	The Front

1 Forrest Gump, The Crow, Dracula, Encino Man, Arachnophobia, All Dogs Go to Heaven, and The Black Cauldron are films I loved. I'm looking for a Chris Kattan movie.	Corky Romano
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Pritts

1 Beauty and the Beast, The Royal Tenenbaums, Moulin Rouge!, The Philadelphia Story, Rushmore, The Sting, and The Lion King are movies I like. I'm looking for a Bing Crosby movie.	White Christmas
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Curtiz
3 I prefer Charles Walters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Society

1 Bananas, A Clockwork Orange, Harold and Maude, The Man Who Would Be King, Awakenings, Men in Black, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Christopher Reeve movie.	The Remains of the Day
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, Christopher Reeve, James Ivory, butler, housekeeper
3 I rate dc comics movies. Any other suggestions?	Superman III

1 I loved True Romance, Seven Samurai, Ghost in the Shell, The Green Mile, The Exorcist, Rain Man, and The Evil Dead. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	How to Steal a Million
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Heist, Audrey Hepburn, William Wyler, Peter O'Toole, Eli Wallach, audrey
3 I rate Sarah Polley movies. Any other suggestions?	Take This Waltz

1 Ransom, Fargo, The Birdcage, Jerry Maguire, and Primal Fear are movies I really like. I'm looking for an alcatraz movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I rate Prison movies. Any other suggestions?	Escape from Alcatraz

1 I love East of Eden, The Silence of the Lambs, Drugstore Cowboy, The Longest Day, From Here to Eternity, Donnie Brasco, and The General. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Top Gun
2 What else is that about?	Action, Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, navy, aircraft, Tom Skerritt
3 I prefer Jack Nicholson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carnal Knowledge

1 The Wild Bunch, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Psycho, Yojimbo, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Hercules, and Mulan are movies I love. I'm looking for a Jackie Chan movie.	The Young Master
2 What else is that about?	Jackie Chan
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Medallion

1 The American President, Speed, True Lies, The Client, Apollo 13, Jurassic Park, and Clear and Present Danger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I prefer Edward Burns movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sidewalks of New York

1 Batman, The Princess Bride, Galaxy Quest, True Lies, Sullivan's Travels, Eraserhead, and From Here to Eternity are movies I really like. I'm looking for a film noir movie.	The Postman Always Rings Twice
2 Who does that star?	Hume Cronyn, Lana Turner, John Garfield, Cecil Kellaway
3 I prefer Jacqueline White movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Narrow Margin

1 Young Guns II, Addams Family Values, Twin Dragons, Sleepless in Seattle, L.A. Story, Home Alone, and Ghost are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Big Hit
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Mark Wahlberg
3 I prefer gunfight movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hard Boiled

1 Lost in Translation, Saving Private Ryan, Goodfellas, Fargo, Braveheart, Once Upon a Time in the West, and Downfall are movies I loved. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Dirty Rotten Scoundrels
2 What else is that about?	remake, Michael Caine, Steve Martin, Frank Oz
3 I like Chazz Palminteri movies more. Do you know anything else?	Diabolique

1 Down Periscope, Clear and Present Danger, Casino, What's Love Got to Do with It, First Knight, A Walk in the Clouds, and The Santa Clause are films I really like. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I rate president movies. Any other suggestions?	JFK

1 The Winslow Boy, Good Will Hunting, Scary Movie, Talk Radio, The Big Kahuna, Kramer vs. Kramer, and Scent of a Woman are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stealing Home
2 Who is that directed by?	William Porter, Steven Kampmann
3 I prefer John Cassavetes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Opening Night

1 Braveheart, The Rock, Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fugitive
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I prefer Johnnie To movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breaking News

1 I love Out of Sight, Goldfinger, Payback, Princess Mononoke, The Princess Bride, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Godfather. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Galaxy Quest
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tim Allen, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub
3 I prefer Minnie Driver movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tarzan

1 The Third Man, American Beauty, Citizen Kane, V for Vendetta, Gods and Monsters, Bowling for Columbine, and The Matrix are films I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Fahrenheit 9/11
2 What else is that about?	War, History, Documentary, political, Michael Moore, iraq, 9/11, moore
3 I like dolphins movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cove

1 I loved The Departed, The Lives of Others, Lord of War, Slumdog Millionaire, American History X, Catch Me If You Can, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for a smoking movie.	Thank You for Smoking
2 What else is that about?	r, dvd, satirical, smoking, Aaron Eckhart, William H. Macy, Jason Reitman, Katie Holmes, cigarettes, Maria Bello, Adam Brody, tobacco, Rob Lowe, big tobacco, Spin

1 Fantasia, The Godfather, Cinderella, A Hard Day's Night, Jaws, Mary Poppins, and Young Frankenstein are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	West Side Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Wise, Jerome Robbins
3 I prefer Tony Richardson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Entertainer

1 The Matrix, The Boondock Saints, Alice in Wonderland, The Wrestler, Scarface, Full Metal Jacket, and Goodfellas are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 2 movie.	25th Hour
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Edward Norton, freedom, 2, Spike Lee
3 I prefer Peter Weir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Truman Show

1 Life Is Beautiful, As Good as It Gets, The Lives of Others, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, Fight Club, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It's Kind of a Funny Story
2 Who does that star?	Keir Gilchrist
3 I prefer Crispin Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Twister

1 Touch of Evil, Blue Velvet, Naked, Buffalo '66, Reservoir Dogs, King Kong, and The Maltese Falcon are movies I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gilda
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, film noir, noir, Rita Hayworth, Charles Vidor, Glenn Ford
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Day They Robbed the Bank of England

1 Following, Fantasia, Get Shorty, Beetlejuice, Death Proof, Grindhouse, and Short Circuit are films I love. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	Bedknobs and Broomsticks
2 Who does that star?	Angela Lansbury, David Tomlinson
3 I rate Sarah Bolger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spiderwick Chronicles

1 Casablanca, The Madness of King George, The Big Sleep, The Breakfast Club, A Perfect World, The 400 Blows, and The Producers are films I loved. I'm looking for a Noah Baumbach movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Noah Baumbach
3 I prefer 1980s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Squid and the Whale

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Matrix, The Usual Suspects, L.A. Confidential, Blade Runner, Das Boot, and Unforgiven are films I really like. I'm looking for a foreign language movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni
3 I prefer Sareh Bayat movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Separation

1 Local Hero, Young Frankenstein, Hoop Dreams, Babe, It Happened One Night, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Arsenic and Old Lace are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like John Cusack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Runaway Jury

1 The Bourne Identity, Independence Day, The Patriot, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, The Bourne Supremacy, and Friday are films I liked. I'm looking for a Kiefer Sutherland movie.	Young Guns
2 What else is that about?	Western, guns, Kiefer Sutherland, Emilio Estevez, Jack Palance, Christopher Cain, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I prefer Reese Witherspoon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Freeway

1 The Verdict, Boys Don't Cry, 25th Hour, Scarface, Waking Life, The Thin Blue Line, and Lantana are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Set It Off
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I rate Ivan Sen movies. Any other suggestions?	Mystery Road

1 A Beautiful Mind, Fatal Attraction, Gattaca, The Last of the Mohicans, The Family Man, American Pie, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	American Pie 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, sequel, teen, College
3 I rate dark movies. Any other suggestions?	Kontroll

1 I really like Highlander, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Die Hard, Schindler's List, The African Queen, A Perfect World, and The Untouchables. I'm looking for a super-hero movie.	Superman II
2 What else is that about?	superhero, super-hero, Gene Hackman, Superman, Christopher Reeve
3 I rate Sam Raimi movies. Any other suggestions?	Spider-Man 2

1 I really liked Rear Window, 12 Angry Men, Bedazzled, The Insider, A Room with a View, My Fair Lady, and Quiz Show. I'm looking for an ealing studios movie.	The Man in the White Suit
2 Who does that star?	Alec Guinness, Joan Greenwood, Cecil Parker
3 I rate Stanley Holloway movies. Any other suggestions?	The Titfield Thunderbolt

1 I liked Dog Day Afternoon, Metropolis, Being John Malkovich, The Thin Blue Line, Metropolis, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a Stanley Kubrick movie.	Lolita
2 Who does that star?	James Mason, Shelley Winters, Sue Lyon
3 I prefer Hardy Krüger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barry Lyndon

1 The Insider, Sling Blade, Black Hawk Down, Instinct, The Rookie, As Good as It Gets, and The Green Mile are movies I loved. I'm looking for a George Sidney movie.	The Eddy Duchin Story
2 Who is that directed by?	George Sidney

1 Cape Fear, Con Air, Young Frankenstein, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Hamlet, Henry V, and Vertigo are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	My Left Foot
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cerebral, Fiona Shaw, Jim Sheridan, cerebral palsy
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cheap Detective

1 High Fidelity, Rudy, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Stuart Little, Some Kind of Wonderful, and At First Sight are movies I like. I'm looking for a Gregory Hoblit movie.	Frequency
2 What else is that about?	Gregory Hoblit
3 I like Laura Linney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Primal Fear

1 Blazing Saddles, Apollo 13, Alien, The Shawshank Redemption, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Dazed and Confused, and Cinderella Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Up in Smoke
2 What else is that about?	Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong
3 I like Garth Jennings movies more. Do you know anything else?	Son of Rambow

1 Elf, Austin Powers in Goldmember, The Emperor's New Groove, American Beauty, The Sound of Music, Scary Movie, and Shrek are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beerfest
2 What else is that about?	beer, Will Forte
3 I like animal rights movies more. Do you know anything else?	Year of the Dog

1 The Philadelphia Story, Annie Hall, The Shining, Psycho, Notorious, Local Hero, and Das Boot are movies I love. I'm looking for a Norman Jewison movie.	Moonstruck
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Nicolas Cage, Romantic Comedy, New York, Norman Jewison, Cher, Olympia Dukakis, John Patrick Shanley
3 I rate Steve McQueen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thomas Crown Affair

1 Das Boot, The Princess Bride, Rope, The Shawshank Redemption, Fletch, Full Metal Jacket, and Alien are films I love. I'm looking for a psychological movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, classic, disturbing, violence, Music, violent, psychological, r, future, soundtrack, rape, Stanley Kubrick, controversial, psychiatry, kubrick, Malcolm McDowell, Beethoven, Anthony Burgess
3 I prefer Michael Crichton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sphere

1 Once Upon a Time in America, Taxi Driver, Grindhouse, The Godfather, Heat, Das Boot, and East of Eden are movies I loved. I'm looking for a remake movie.	A Nightmare on Elm Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Samuel Bayer
3 I prefer Yann Samuell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Sassy Girl

1 I liked The Seventh Seal, A Clockwork Orange, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future Part II, Pi, Airplane!, and Metropolis. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	In the Loop
2 What else is that about?	politics, british, James Gandolfini, Armando Iannucci, Gina McKee
3 I like John Singleton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Boy

1 Tales from the Hood, Higher Learning, Kingpin, Panther, Independence Day, Original Gangstas, and The Three Musketeers are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	National Lampoon's Senior Trip
2 What else is that about?	national lampoon
3 I rate Michael Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Canadian Bacon

1 I watched the films Full Metal Jacket, Angel Heart, Nobody's Fool, Punch-Drunk Love, Traffic, Face/Off, and Goodfellas and loved them. I'm looking for a Charles Laughton movie.	Spartacus
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I prefer Rowland V. Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Captain Kidd

1 Contact, Spy Game, A Close Shave, The Green Mile, A Walk in the Clouds, Saving Grace, and Fried Green Tomatoes are films I love. I'm looking for a Ron Shelton movie.	Bull Durham
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Shelton

1 I liked Cape Fear, The Castle, Delicatessen, Elizabeth, Vertigo, Love Serenade, and A Grand Day Out. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Eraserhead
2 Who does that star?	Jeanne Bates, Jack Nance, Charlotte Stewart
3 I like Ed Flanders movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Exorcist III

1 I liked The Dreamlife of Angels, As Good as It Gets, Titanic, The End of the Affair, A Civil Action, American Beauty, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Down in the Delta
2 Who does that star?	Alfre Woodard, Esther Rolle
3 I like Vera Farmiga movies more. Do you know anything else?	Down to the Bone

1 Liar Liar, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Toy Story, The Rock, Multiplicity, The Frighteners, and Phenomenon are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 Who is that directed by?	Dennis Dugan
3 I prefer Nicholas Stoller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Get Him to the Greek

1 Fargo, On the Waterfront, The Joy Luck Club, The Natural, Much Ado About Nothing, The Usual Suspects, and Metropolitan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	The Killing Fields
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Joffé
3 I rate Bruce Robinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Jennifer 8

1 The Graduate, Persona, Fight Club, The Last Picture Show, Inception, Bowling for Columbine, and Big Fish are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Broken Embraces
2 What else is that about?	erotic, melodrama, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer homosexuality movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All About My Mother

1 Con Air, The Saint, Highlander, The Hunt for Red October, Men in Black, Independence Day, and Lost in Space are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Haunting
2 Who is that directed by?	Jan de Bont
3 I like Michael Findlay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shriek of the Mutilated

1 Rushmore, Toy Story, Goodfellas, Alien, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and L.A. Confidential are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Superman
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I prefer Farhan Akhtar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Don

1 I watched the films The Matrix, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Back to the Future, Ladyhawke, Dune, Labyrinth, and Big and loved them. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	Babes in Toyland
2 What else is that about?	christmas
3 I prefer Michael Curtiz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	We're No Angels

1 I really liked Casablanca, Being John Malkovich, Blade Runner, You Can Count on Me, A Streetcar Named Desire, Diner, and Once Were Warriors. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Talk to Her
2 What else is that about?	Drama, loneliness, Love, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar, Leonor Watling
3 I like gay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Law of Desire

1 Psycho, Saving Private Ryan, The Maltese Falcon, Force of Evil, Laura, Touch of Evil, and The Big Sleep are films I like. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	The Birds
2 What else is that about?	Horror, suspense, story, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, birds, Jessica Tandy, Tippi Hedren, Rod Taylor
3 I prefer long takes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rope

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Superman, Absolute Power, True Crime, The Firm, Face/Off, and The Thomas Crown Affair are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Horse Whisperer
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, horses
3 I rate René Clément movies. Any other suggestions?	The Damned

1 I watched the films Barbershop, Red Dragon, Men in Black II, High Crimes, The Count of Monte Cristo, The Cable Guy, and Panic Room and loved them. I'm looking for an Ice Cube movie.	All About the Benjamins
2 Who does that star?	Ice Cube, Mike Epps
3 I like Chris Tucker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Friday

1 American History X, Downfall, Apocalypse Now, The Dark Knight, City of God, Braveheart, and Amélie are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ben-Hur
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I prefer Abbas Kiarostami movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tickets

1 Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Sleepy Hollow, The Usual Suspects, and Mulholland Drive are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Pan's Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Drama, War, r, fairy tale, cgi, civil war, mythology, dark fantasy, Guillermo del Toro, Spanish, spain, fairy tales, spanish civil war, Life, stepfather, faun
3 I rate Nicole Kidman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Railway Man

1 The Bourne Supremacy, Juno, Dazed and Confused, Ghostbusters, Hot Fuzz, National Lampoon's Vacation, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I loved. I'm looking for a harry potter movie.	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfonso Cuarón
3 I like Matt Lang movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Very Potter Sequel

1 I really liked Repo Man, And Now for Something Completely Different, Ruthless People, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, A Fish Called Wanda, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
3 I like Will Gluck movies more. Do you know anything else?	Annie

1 I really liked Spirited Away, The Fall, Howl's Moving Castle, Labyrinth, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, A Beautiful Mind, and The Dark Crystal. I'm looking for a Christopher Lee movie.	The Last Unicorn
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Musical, Jeff Bridges, Christopher Lee, Alan Arkin, Mia Farrow, Jules Bass
3 I like pagan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wicker Man

1 Dances with Wolves, Demolition Man, The Hunt for Red October, Alien, Independence Day, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Species are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Wolf
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Not of This Earth

1 Gattaca, To Die For, Down by Law, Apocalypse Now, The Jerk, The Blue Angel, and Raising Arizona are films I love. I'm looking for a seven movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 What else is that about?	classic, death, medieval, Ingmar Bergman, Swedish, god, chess, Max von Sydow, seven
3 I prefer kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seven Samurai

1 Sense and Sensibility, Dead Man Walking, Heat, Nixon, Spy Hard, Trainspotting, and Independence Day are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sharon Stone movie.	Diabolique
2 Who does that star?	Kathy Bates, Sharon Stone, Chazz Palminteri, Isabelle Adjani
3 I rate Joe Pesci movies. Any other suggestions?	Casino

1 I liked GoldenEye, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, Sense and Sensibility, Braveheart, Schindler's List, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Police, historical, france, Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, cast, Victor Hugo, Tom Hooper
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Cabin in the Sky

1 I loved Conan the Barbarian, The Rock, Shrek, A Beautiful Mind, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Silence of the Lambs, and Black Hawk Down. I'm looking for a Takeshi Kitano movie.	Brother
2 What else is that about?	japan, Takeshi Kitano
3 I like Japanese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kids Return

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Aliens, The Evil Dead, Sneakers, Blade Runner, The Usual Suspects, and Raising Arizona are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Moore movie.	Canadian Bacon
2 Who does that star?	John Candy
3 I like Trace Adkins movies more. Do you know anything else?	An American Carol

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Bringing Up Baby, As Good as It Gets, Say Anything..., Blade Runner, The Sting, and Chinatown are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lost Weekend
2 Who does that star?	Ray Milland, Jane Wyman
3 I prefer Steve Cochran movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Il Grido

1 Mo' Money, Stepfather II, Goodfellas, Big Momma's House, City of God, The Godfather, and Ernest Goes to Jail are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sheldon Lettich movie.	Double Impact
2 What else is that about?	Sheldon Lettich
3 I prefer martial arts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Only the Strong

1 American Pie, Mrs. Doubtfire, Rain Man, The Crow, Office Space, X-Men, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	With Honors
2 Who is that directed by?	Alek Keshishian
3 I like Val Guest movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confessions of a Window Cleaner

1 Gone with the Wind, Manhunter, The Manchurian Candidate, The French Connection, Patriot Games, It Happened One Night, and Key Largo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	On the Town
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Ann Miller, Betty Garrett
3 I prefer Billy De Wolfe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blue Skies

1 Black Hawk Down, The Silence of the Lambs, Wolf, The Cider House Rules, Unforgiven, Meet the Parents, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Born on the Fourth of July
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, Tom Cruise, vietnam war, vietnam, Oliver Stone, activist
3 I rate Kon Ichikawa movies. Any other suggestions?	The Burmese Harp

1 Fantasia, Down by Law, Midnight Cowboy, The Hunt for Red October, Belle de Jour, RoboCop, and The Last Emperor are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Breaker Morant
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Australia, australian, court, Bruce Beresford
3 I like Louis Malle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lacombe, Lucien

1 I really like The Godfather, American History X, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Gandhi, The Incredibles, The Shawshank Redemption, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Bruce Willis movie.	The Fifth Element
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, Milla Jovovich, Luc Besson, ok, milla
3 I rate Barry Levinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Bandits

1 Braveheart, The Dark Knight, Sherlock Holmes, V for Vendetta, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Forrest Gump, and Gladiator are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	How to Train Your Dragon 2
2 What else is that about?	Animation, sequel, animated, dragons, Jonah Hill, Gerard Butler, vikings, Jay Baruchel, cat, Dean DeBlois, Craig Ferguson
3 I prefer Angel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gabriel

1 The Hangover, Slumdog Millionaire, Collateral, The Evil Dead, Dead Poets Society, A Grand Day Out, and The Mask are films I like. I'm looking for an Angus MacLane movie.	BURN-E
2 What else is that about?	pixar, Short, Angus MacLane

1 Sleepless in Seattle, The Holiday, The Hunt for Red October, Back to the Future, Peaceful Warrior, Starman, and Top Gun are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Dudley Moore movie.	Crazy People
2 What else is that about?	Dudley Moore, Daryl Hannah
3 I rate Nastassja Kinski movies. Any other suggestions?	Unfaithfully Yours

1 Hotel Rwanda, Raging Bull, Stand by Me, Misery, American Pie 2, As Good as It Gets, and Quiz Show are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	American History X
2 What else is that about?	violence, Drama, Edward Norton, Prison, story, rape, brutal, Brothers, avi, nazi, Edward Furlong, Tony Kaye
3 I like Burt Lancaster movies more. Do you know anything else?	Birdman of Alcatraz

1 I liked Air Force One, The Saint, Phenomenon, Contact, Conspiracy Theory, Murder at 1600, and Clear and Present Danger. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard 2
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Bonnie Bedelia, Reginald VelJohnson, William Atherton
3 I prefer Kelly Carlson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Marine

1 I watched the films Twilight, Wrong Turn, The Ring, The Whole Nine Yards, Scream, Scary Movie 2, and The Whole Ten Yards and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Grudge 2
2 Who does that star?	Sarah Michelle Gellar, Amber Tamblyn, Arielle Kebbel, Takako Fuji
3 I rate Brianna Brown movies. Any other suggestions?	Timber Falls

1 Patriot Games, Hang 'Em High, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Alamo, Saving Private Ryan, The Sons of Katie Elder, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	El Dorado
2 What else is that about?	John Wayne, Howard Hawks
3 I prefer Anthony Mann movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Devil's Doorway

1 The Matrix, The Thin Man, L.A. Confidential, Immortal Beloved, Say Anything..., The Big Sleep, and Young Frankenstein are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Hudsucker Proxy
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen
3 I rate Takashi Miike movies. Any other suggestions?	Ace Attorney

1 Biutiful, Drive, Winter's Bone, V for Vendetta, The Sixth Sense, The Dark Knight, and Django Unchained are films I like. I'm looking for a London movie.	Skyfall
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, Daniel Craig, Judi Dench, Javier Bardem
3 I prefer Alec Guinness movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Run for Your Money

1 Inside Man, American History X, Requiem for a Dream, The Dark Knight, Lost in Translation, The Machinist, and A Walk to Remember are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Running Scared
2 Who does that star?	Judge Reinhold, Annie McEnroe, Ken Wahl
3 I prefer Jason Bateman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kingdom

1 L.A. Confidential, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Pulp Fiction, The American President, Dances with Wolves, Contact, and Pretty Woman are movies I love. I'm looking for a Don Roos movie.	The Opposite of Sex
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Roos

1 I liked Sabrina, Heat, Toy Story, The Birdcage, Father of the Bride Part II, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 What else is that about?	Music, High School, teacher, William H. Macy, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Herek, Olympia Dukakis
3 I prefer Rick Moranis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Little Shop of Horrors

1 Boogie Nights, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Psycho, Being John Malkovich, Fight Club, A Clockwork Orange, and Boys Don't Cry are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Romance, Heath Ledger, Anne Hathaway, Jake Gyllenhaal, Ang Lee, Michelle Williams
3 I like Mimi Rogers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desperate Hours

1 I loved Superman, Clerks, Akira, Rocky, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Blues Brothers, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly
3 I rate stylized movies. Any other suggestions?	Gummo

1 RoboCop, Seven Samurai, The Patriot, Batman, Armageddon, Under Siege, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Presidio
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Hyams
3 I like Robert Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Murder by Death

1 Dracula, Hitch, The Matrix, Jacob's Ladder, Basic Instinct, Payback, and American History X are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	I, Robot
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Will Smith, robot, Isaac Asimov, Alan Tudyk, James Cromwell, Alex Proyas, Bridget Moynahan, asimov
3 I prefer Jackie Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Project A

1 Clerks, A Clockwork Orange, The Cell, Bringing Out the Dead, Road Trip, The Fugitive, and The Blair Witch Project are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The 13th Warrior
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas
3 I rate Christian Bale movies. Any other suggestions?	Equilibrium

1 I liked District 9, Zombieland, The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, Spider-Man, Aladdin, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who does that star?	Estella Warren, Rhett Giles, Victor Parascos
3 I prefer Lindsay Crouse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Indian in the Cupboard

1 Die Hard, The Green Mile, Wonder Boys, Superman, American Pie, The Game, and Meet the Parents are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	BASEketball
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Trey Parker, Matt Stone, David Zucker, Sport, south park
3 I like Drew Barrymore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Duplex

1 Platoon, Alien, American History X, La Femme Nikita, Schindler's List, Rain Man, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I like. I'm looking for a Geoffrey Rush movie.	Elizabeth
2 Who is that directed by?	Shekhar Kapur
3 I like William Malone movies more. Do you know anything else?	House on Haunted Hill

1 Notorious, Some Like It Hot, Ran, King Kong, Z, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Seventh Seal are films I really liked. I'm looking for a François Truffaut movie.	The Wild Child
2 What else is that about?	François Truffaut
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Confidentially Yours

1 The Godfather, Happy Gilmore, Independence Day, Forrest Gump, Pretty Woman, Sleepless in Seattle, and Apollo 13 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Matilda
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, children, Danny DeVito, Roald Dahl, Embeth Davidtz
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghost

1 8½, Psycho, Raising Arizona, A Hard Day's Night, A Streetcar Named Desire, Toy Story, and Arthur are movies I like. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	Children of Paradise
2 Who is that directed by?	Marcel Carné
3 I prefer Pierre Morel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	From Paris with Love

1 Jeffrey, Little Man Tate, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, It's My Party, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Running Man, and The Color Purple are movies I love. I'm looking for a gay movie.	Trick
2 Who does that star?	Tori Spelling, Christian Campbell, John Paul Pitoc
3 I prefer Bud Cort movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	But I'm a Cheerleader

1 Zombieland, Super Size Me, Jurassic Park, Phenomenon, Inception, Schindler's List, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Police Academy
2 Who does that star?	Kim Cattrall, Steve Guttenberg, G.W. Bailey
3 I like Geoffrey Rush movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Banger Sisters

1 Pulp Fiction, Pinocchio, Dogville, Rocky, Alice in Wonderland, Despicable Me 2, and Rocky III are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Rambo III
2 What else is that about?	Action, War, afghanistan
3 I rate Morgan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	Unleashed

1 Cinema Paradiso, Rosemary's Baby, Cyrano de Bergerac, Die Hard 2, The Lives of Others, Die Hard, and Seven Samurai are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Edukators
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Brühl, Julia Jentsch, Stipe Erceg
3 I rate Michael Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny Games

1 Dances with Wolves, The Contender, Croupier, Tape, Moulin Rouge!, The Last Emperor, and The Shining are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rare Birds
2 Who is that directed by?	Sturla Gunnarsson
3 I rate Sajid Khan movies. Any other suggestions?	Housefull 2

1 Apocalypse Now, Lethal Weapon 2, Scarface, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Shawshank Redemption, Trainspotting, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Falling Down
2 What else is that about?	violence, Michael Douglas, Robert Duvall, Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer Cormac McCarthy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Country for Old Men

1 I really like Young Frankenstein, The Mission, The Sixth Sense, Little Shop of Horrors, Reservoir Dogs, A River Runs Through It, and The Shining. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate Olivia de Havilland movies. Any other suggestions?	Captain Blood

1 The Godfather, Blade Runner, Taxi Driver, Apocalypse Now, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and All the President's Men are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Richard III
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, robert downey jr, Ian McKellen
3 I prefer Edward Norton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pride and Glory

1 Scarface, American Beauty, Taxi to the Dark Side, For a Few Dollars More, Lord of War, Das Boot, and Blade Runner are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	This Film Is Not Yet Rated
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, hollywood, Kirby Dick, mpaa
3 I rate Anton Corbijn movies. Any other suggestions?	Joy Division

1 I love The Day the Earth Stood Still, Unforgiven, Frances, Psycho, American History X, A Christmas Story, and Deliverance. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer Jennifer Lopez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bordertown

1 American Beauty, Sin City, and The Dark Knight are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Laurence Olivier movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I prefer Diane Lane movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Little Romance

1 But I'm a Cheerleader, Girl, Interrupted, Dead Man, Smoke, The City of Lost Children, Sling Blade, and Grosse Pointe Blank are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Small Time Crooks
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Humphrey Bogart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Roaring Twenties

1 The Frighteners, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Disconnect, Dogma, Evil Dead II, Virtuosity, and Predator are films I like. I'm looking for a William Wyler movie.	The Collector
2 What else is that about?	William Wyler
3 I rate historical movies. Any other suggestions?	Ben-Hur

1 I really like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and Fight Club. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I prefer black and white movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Schindler's List

1 Saving Private Ryan, The Green Mile, Platoon, Dr. No, Pulp Fiction, Gladiator, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Rush Hour

1 The Godfather, Braveheart, The Sound of Music, Dances with Wolves, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Rocky, and Ordinary People are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, own, best picture, Alec Guinness, David Lean, William Holden, bridge
3 I rate Ang Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Ride with the Devil

1 Hero, Gattaca, Enemy at the Gates, Philadelphia, The Rock, A Time to Kill, and Primal Fear are movies I like. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I rate erotic thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Wild Things

1 Zombieland, Up, My Neighbor Totoro, Metropolis, The Lost Boys, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Princess Bride are movies I loved. I'm looking for a puppets movie.	Labyrinth
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Henson
3 I like Peter Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet the Feebles

1 Ghostbusters, When Harry Met Sally..., The Sixth Sense, Young Frankenstein, The Thomas Crown Affair, Casablanca, and The English Patient are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Kevin Bacon, Demi Moore
3 I prefer Frances Fisher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Female Perversions

1 Whale Rider, Airplane!, A Grand Day Out, The Fly, American Beauty, Red Rock West, and Get Shorty are films I really liked. I'm looking for a writing movie.	Finding Forrester
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, F. Murray Abraham, Anna Paquin, Rob Brown
3 I prefer John Turturro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barton Fink

1 North by Northwest, Psycho, Westworld, Jaws, Being There, Taxi Driver, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Bananas
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Louise Lasser
3 I prefer The Lovin' Spoonful movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What's Up, Tiger Lily?

1 Pulp Fiction, True Romance, Kingpin, Hackers, Donnie Darko, A Beautiful Mind, and Speed are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Black Hawk Down
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Eric Bana, Tom Sizemore, Josh Hartnett
3 I rate Karl Malden movies. Any other suggestions?	Take the High Ground!

1 Fanny and Alexander, The Maltese Falcon, Shakespeare in Love, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, High Fidelity, American Beauty, and North by Northwest are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dead Calm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Nicole Kidman, Sam Neill, Phillip Noyce, Billy Zane
3 I rate Anthony Hopkins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rite

1 I watched the films Gladiator, The Green Mile, In the Line of Fire, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Jerry Maguire, Stripes, and The Blues Brothers and loved them. I'm looking for a law movie.	A Few Good Men
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Kevin Bacon, Demi Moore
3 I like Selma Blair movies more. Do you know anything else?	Legally Blonde

1 I loved A Mighty Wind, Pan's Labyrinth, Edward Scissorhands, Cabaret, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Petter Næss movie.	Elling
2 What else is that about?	r, Petter Næss

1 I loved Miss Congeniality, Hannibal, The Crow, The Wedding Singer, The Gift, Species, and When a Man Loves a Woman. I'm looking for a Chris Columbus movie.	Stepmom
2 What else is that about?	Julia Roberts, Ed Harris, Susan Sarandon, Chris Columbus
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Adventures in Babysitting

1 A Simple Plan, Chicken Run, The Invisible Man, Elizabeth, A Perfect Murder, The Man in the Iron Mask, and Small Soldiers are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	JFK
2 What else is that about?	historical, Conspiracy, Gary Oldman, Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Costner, Oliver Stone, president, John F. Kennedy
3 I like David Fincher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gone Girl

1 The Hunt for Red October, Schindler's List, Contact, The Others, The Sixth Sense, The Silence of the Lambs, and Gattaca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a High School movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hughes
3 I like Stephen Herek movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Holland's Opus

1 The Maltese Falcon, The African Queen, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Dead Again, Sabrina, All About Eve, and Midnight Cowboy are films I liked. I'm looking for a John Huston movie.	Beat the Devil
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston

1 The Spanish Prisoner, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Hamlet, The Player, and The Princess Bride are films I love. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	The Sweet Hereafter
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan

1 I love Unforgiven, The Grapes of Wrath, The Godfather, Blazing Saddles, Fargo, The Graduate, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mystic River
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mystery, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Laurence Fishburne, Laura Linney, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I like surreal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arizona Dream

1 Shrek, 300, Payback, Clerks II, For a Few Dollars More, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a christian movie.	Kingdom of Heaven
2 What else is that about?	Action, War, r, Liam Neeson, Ridley Scott, christian, Orlando Bloom, Eva Green, Jerusalem, crusades, 12th century
3 I like football movies more. Do you know anything else?	Facing the Giants

1 I like Ordinary People, North by Northwest, True Romance, The Sting, L.A. Confidential, Fargo, and Annie Hall. I'm looking for a british movie.	Peeping Tom
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Powell
3 I rate Shekhar Kapur movies. Any other suggestions?	Elizabeth

1 Private Parts, Amélie, V for Vendetta, I Am Sam, 25th Hour, Dogma, and The Machinist are movies I love. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Kite Runner
2 What else is that about?	r, afghanistan, Marc Forster
3 I like spain movies more. Do you know anything else?	Volver

1 Hot Shots! Part Deux, Beverly Hills Cop III, The Crow, True Lies, The American President, Beauty and the Beast, and Stargate are films I love. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I prefer Rick Moranis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Parenthood

1 I really like Aladdin, Maverick, Bad Boys, Much Ado About Nothing, The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Ice-T
3 I prefer Gene Hackman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Replacements

1 Chariots of Fire, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Grease, Dial M for Murder, Chasing Amy, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Fugitive are movies I like. I'm looking for a Cloris Leachman movie.	Young Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, national film registry, spoof, Mel Brooks, Gene Wilder, Frankenstein, Madeline Kahn, Peter Boyle, Marty Feldman, Cloris Leachman, Teri Garr
3 I rate Texas movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Picture Show

1 The Paper Chase, Touch of Evil, The Third Man, The Godfather, Finding Forrester, Lawrence of Arabia, and The Conversation are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I prefer Uma Thurman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Final Analysis

1 I like Halloween, The Fugitive, Bringing Out the Dead, The Wizard of Oz, Boys Don't Cry, American Beauty, and Thirteen Days. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Soul Food
2 What else is that about?	Mekhi Phifer
3 I prefer Ted Kotcheff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	North Dallas Forty

1 Goodfellas, Seven Samurai, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Heat, Children of Men, City of God, and Trainspotting are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen
3 I prefer Roberto Benigni movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Life Is Beautiful

1 Catch Me If You Can, Stand by Me, Brokeback Mountain, Saving Private Ryan, Sleepy Hollow, V for Vendetta, and Private Parts are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Kiss of the Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, Dragon, Jet Li
3 I like jerry bruckheimer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pearl Harbor

1 Antonia's Line, The Hours, Juno, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, As Good as It Gets, Dead Poets Society, and The Green Mile are films I love. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Mr. Brooks
2 What else is that about?	serial killer, murder, r, Kevin Costner, Demi Moore, William Hurt, Dane Cook
3 I like Crime movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Untouchables

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Love's Labour's Lost, Memento, The Pink Panther, Thunderball, It's a Wonderful Life, and Antz are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Alain Resnais movie.	Same Old Song
2 What else is that about?	Alain Resnais
3 I rate enigmatic movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Year at Marienbad

1 To Die For, The Santa Clause, Clueless, Leaving Las Vegas, Addams Family Values, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, and Bad Boys are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nine Months
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, Joan Cusack, Hugh Grant, Tom Arnold
3 I rate Tom Cruise movies. Any other suggestions?	Jerry Maguire

1 I loved Apollo 13, Sleepless in Seattle, Galaxy Quest, Groundhog Day, Awakenings, Sense and Sensibility, and Emma. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Tarzan
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Buck, Kevin Lima
3 I like John Musker movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Princess and the Frog

1 I loved Mutiny on the Bounty, The Blues Brothers, The King and I, MASH, Repo Man, Dracula, and Top Hat. I'm looking for an Errol Flynn movie.	Santa Fe Trail
2 What else is that about?	Errol Flynn
3 I rate Raoul Walsh movies. Any other suggestions?	Objective, Burma!

1 Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Life Is Beautiful, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, and Strictly Ballroom are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Broadcast News
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, television, William Hurt, Albert Brooks, Holly Hunter, James L. Brooks
3 I rate Morgan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	An Unfinished Life

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Casablanca, Life Is Beautiful, Rear Window, Laura, The Maltese Falcon, and Bicycle Thieves are films I loved. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I rate Graham Greene movies. Any other suggestions?	The End of the Affair

1 The Juror, Ransom, Junior, Unforgettable, Showgirls, Wolf, and The Birdcage are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Live Nude Girls
2 Who does that star?	Kim Cattrall, Laila Robins, Dana Delany, Cynthia Stevenson
3 I rate Lewis Black movies. Any other suggestions?	Man of the Year

1 Shadowlands, Mr. Holland's Opus, 101 Dalmatians, Sense and Sensibility, Rob Roy, The Last Supper, and Braveheart are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Restoration
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Hoffman
3 I prefer Ettore Scola movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	That Night in Varennes

1 The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Toy Story, Beauty and the Beast, American Beauty, Contact, Babe, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Few Good Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, murder, Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, courtroom, courtroom drama, lawyers, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland, court, Demi Moore, lawyer, Rob Reiner, law, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Pollak, cruise
3 I prefer Norwegian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hawaii, Oslo

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, A Clockwork Orange, Romancing the Stone, The Wizard of Oz, Big Trouble in Little China, and True Romance are movies I love. I'm looking for a Richard Donner movie.	The Goonies
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Steven Spielberg, Richard Donner
3 I prefer Robert Mitchum movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scrooged

1 On the Waterfront, Terms of Endearment, Gone with the Wind, There's Something About Mary, Platoon, Schindler's List, and A River Runs Through It are films I loved. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	20 Dates
2 Who is that directed by?	Myles Berkowitz

1 Reservoir Dogs, Iron Man, Glengarry Glen Ross, Dog Day Afternoon, Fargo, Braveheart, and The Usual Suspects are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I like Gore Verbinski movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ring

1 Burnt by the Sun, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Finding Nemo, The Usual Suspects, Stand by Me, Sneakers, and The Fugitive are films I really liked. I'm looking for a time travel movie.	Safety Not Guaranteed
2 What else is that about?	time travel
3 I rate Peter Hyams movies. Any other suggestions?	Timecop

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, The Pianist, Forrest Gump, The Sting, and Gladiator are films I love. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, emotional, spielberg, stranded, Drew Barrymore, e.t.
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Saving Private Ryan

1 Manhattan, Patton, Heavenly Creatures, My Fair Lady, and The Godfather are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
3 I rate John Swanbeck movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Kahuna

1 Dances with Wolves, Toy Story, Apollo 13, Heat, Twister, True Lies, and Taxi Driver are movies I love. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	The Rock
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Bay
3 I rate Roger Donaldson movies. Any other suggestions?	Seeking Justice

1 I love Back to the Future, Jaws, The Gods Must Be Crazy, MASH, Rain Man, A Few Good Men, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crucible
2 Who is that directed by?	Nicholas Hytner
3 I rate Paul Thomas Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	Magnolia

1 I like Desperately Seeking Susan, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Apocalypse Now, Pulp Fiction, Top Gun, Night of the Living Dead, and The Purple Rose of Cairo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Chill
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer Leo McCarey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Honeymoon

1 I love The Madness of King George, Demolition Man, Clerks, In the Line of Fire, Twister, The Birdcage, and True Lies. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	Red Rock West
2 What else is that about?	John Dahl
3 I prefer Paul Walker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Joy Ride

1 I loved Casablanca, Victor Victoria, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Field of Dreams, It's a Wonderful Life, My Favorite Year, and Babe. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	The Day the Earth Stood Still
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, Robert Wise
3 I rate Christopher Lloyd movies. Any other suggestions?	Back to the Future Part II

1 I like Forrest Gump, Planet of the Apes, Spirited Away, Night of the Living Dead, The Terminator, Munich, and Road Trip. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dude, Where's My Car?
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, humor, Ashton Kutcher, Seann William Scott, bad, stoner, Danny Leiner
3 I prefer Andrew Fleming movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dick

1 The Story of Us, Clueless, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Zombieland, Holes, On the Town, and Sixteen Candles are movies I loved. I'm looking for a holocaust movie.	Triumph of the Spirit
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer David Kross movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reader

1 I love Sense and Sensibility, Mighty Aphrodite, The Remains of the Day, The Age of Innocence, Mr. Holland's Opus, Pretty Woman, and It Could Happen to You. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I rate Enzo Barboni movies. Any other suggestions?	Even Angels Eat Beans

1 The American President, Babe, Little Women, Miracle on 34th Street, The Firm, The Client, and Apollo 13 are films I really like. I'm looking for an empire state building movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 Who is that directed by?	Nora Ephron

1 Her, Lost in Translation, Amélie, Ponyo, Lars and the Real Girl, The Lego Movie, and The Grand Budapest Hotel are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bad Words
2 Who is that directed by?	Jason Bateman
3 I prefer Nora Ephron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleepless in Seattle

1 Rear Window, Blade Runner, The Birds, Bonnie and Clyde, The Godfather, A Short Film About Killing, and The Exterminating Angel are films I love. I'm looking for a David Cronenberg movie.	Dead Ringers
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg

1 Beauty and the Beast, Die Hard, Traffic, The Sixth Sense, A Beautiful Mind, Predator, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes
3 I prefer Sonam Kapoor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Delhi-6

1 I really like The Matrix, Planet of the Apes, The Terminator, Bread and Tulips, Westworld, The Godfather, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Cheech Marin movie.	Born in East L.A.
2 What else is that about?	Cheech Marin
3 I rate Tommy Chong movies. Any other suggestions?	Up in Smoke

1 I love Rope, Glengarry Glen Ross, American Beauty, Modern Times, The Wrong Trousers, Top Hat, and Vanya on 42nd Street. I'm looking for a Don Roos movie.	The Opposite of Sex
2 Who does that star?	Christina Ricci, Lisa Kudrow, Martin Donovan
3 I like Charlie Tahan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Other Woman

1 L.A. Confidential, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Fugitive, Gilda, Night Shift, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I liked. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	Notorious
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, espionage, Alfred Hitchcock, spy, Hitchcock, Cary Grant, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains
3 I prefer psychological movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Marnie

1 I like The Right Stuff, The Wedding Singer, The Sixth Sense, M, Seven Samurai, The Muppet Movie, and The Marriage of Maria Braun. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ugetsu
2 Who is that directed by?	Kenji Mizoguchi
3 I like Tom Tykwer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloud Atlas

1 A Clockwork Orange, City of God, The Big Lebowski, No Country for Old Men, Talk to Her, Sin City, and Eyes Wide Shut are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Road
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hillcoat
3 I like Alberto Lattuada movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Overcoat

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, Big Night, The Usual Suspects, Lone Star, L.A. Confidential, Apollo 13, and Chinatown. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Tender Mercies
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Robert Duvall, Bruce Beresford
3 I rate Terence Stamp movies. Any other suggestions?	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert

1 I watched the films Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Seventh Seal, Sling Blade, Lawrence of Arabia, Yojimbo, Harold and Maude, and Forrest Gump and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, controversial, jesus, christian, biblical, jesus christ, scorsese
3 I like books movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Book Thief

1 I like Battle Royale, Memento, The Godfather, Kids, Fight Club, The Usual Suspects, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a heroin movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Leonardo DiCaprio, addiction, Mark Wahlberg, basketball, heroin
3 I rate Robert Carlyle movies. Any other suggestions?	Trainspotting

1 Ratatouille, Finding Nemo, The Butterfly Effect, Shutter Island, The Hunger Games, Toy Story, and Iron Man 2 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Zach Galifianakis movie.	The Campaign
2 What else is that about?	Will Ferrell, Zach Galifianakis, Jay Roach
3 I like Bradley Cooper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hangover

1 I really like Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, The Dark Knight, The Silence of the Lambs, Die Hard, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Social Network
2 Who is that directed by?	David Fincher
3 I prefer Jill Sprecher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing

1 I watched the films Edward Scissorhands, The Silence of the Lambs, Jaws, Raging Bull, The Third Man, Spartacus, and Clerks and loved them. I'm looking for a worst movie ever movie.	Plan 9 from Outer Space
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, zombie, Bela Lugosi, worst movie ever, Ed Wood

1 Quantum of Solace, Sin City, Terminator Salvation, Ice Age, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Shooter, and Spider-Man 3 are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Gamer
2 What else is that about?	Action, Gerard Butler, Mark Neveldine
3 I rate Kathryn Bigelow movies. Any other suggestions?	Zero Dark Thirty

1 I really like Beverly Hills Cop, Murder in the First, Stand by Me, Fear, Hocus Pocus, True Romance, and Batman. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Seventh Sign
2 Who is that directed by?	Carl Schultz
3 I like Adam Shankman movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Walk to Remember

1 I love Being John Malkovich, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Galaxy Quest, The Princess Bride, Central Station, How Green Was My Valley, and The Red Violin. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	The End of the Affair
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan, Graham Greene
3 I rate Vampires movies. Any other suggestions?	Byzantium

1 Circle of Friends, The Brothers McMullen, Apollo 13, The Usual Suspects, Clerks, Exotica, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Cuba movie.	Strawberry and Chocolate
2 What else is that about?	Cuba
3 I rate 4 movies. Any other suggestions?	Buena Vista Social Club

1 Caddyshack, The Departed, Saving Private Ryan, Philadelphia, Cool Hand Luke, The Usual Suspects, and Braveheart are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The 13th Warrior
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan, Michael Crichton
3 I prefer Philip G. Atwell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	War

1 Dances with Wolves, The French Connection, Breaker Morant, The Wild Bunch, To Kill a Mockingbird, Gandhi, and Harold and Maude are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Cabaret
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, Broadway, berlin, stage, Michael York, Liza Minnelli, Bob Fosse, Joel Grey, fosse
3 I like india movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge

1 I like The Sting, Aliens, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Pulp Fiction, Men in Black, Braveheart, and Magnolia. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Cousin Vinny
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, murder, courtroom, lawyers, court, lawyer, Marisa Tomei, Joe Pesci, Trial, law, alabama, Ralph Macchio, Jonathan Lynn
3 I prefer Peter Sellers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trail of the Pink Panther

1 Miracle on 34th Street, Waterworld, Back to the Future, Forrest Gump, Dogma, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Finding Forrester
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I like Shane Meadows movies more. Do you know anything else?	This Is England

1 I loved Die Hard, The Red Violin, The Sixth Sense, The Bourne Supremacy, Traffic, Saving Private Ryan, and The Purple Rose of Cairo. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Shogun Assassin
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Houston

1 The Kid, Tokyo Godfathers, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Gran Torino, Being John Malkovich, American Beauty, and Hard Candy are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mysterious Skin
2 What else is that about?	male prostitute, Alien Abduction, Gregg Araki
3 I like Ken Loach movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wind That Shakes the Barley

1 I love The Color Purple, Safety Last!, Duck Soup, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Fitzcarraldo, The Trial, and Panic Room. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Seven Chances
2 What else is that about?	Buster Keaton
3 I rate new mexico movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tao of Steve

1 I really liked Die Hard, True Romance, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Way of the Gun, Fargo, Scream, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	Charlie's Angels
2 What else is that about?	dvd, Bill Murray, Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, private detective, Lucy Liu, McG
3 I rate witch movies. Any other suggestions?	The Blair Witch Project

1 I watched the films Jurassic Park, GoldenEye, Crimson Tide, Stargate, The Silence of the Lambs, The Three Musketeers, and The Lion King and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tank Girl
2 What else is that about?	stylized, comic book, punk, Lori Petty
3 I rate christmas movies. Any other suggestions?	Jack Frost

1 Hannibal Rising, The Notebook, The Illusionist, Meet Joe Black, Sixteen Candles, The Breakfast Club, and A Christmas Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	A Troll in Central Park
2 Who does that star?	Jonathan Pryce, Cloris Leachman, Dom DeLuise, Charles Nelson Reilly
3 I prefer Christopher Lambert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mortal Kombat

1 Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, Holiday, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Princess Bride, Glory, and The African Queen are films I like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Greatest Game Ever Played
2 Who is that directed by?	Bill Paxton
3 I rate Kon Ichikawa movies. Any other suggestions?	Tokyo Olympiad

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, Mississippi Burning, The Great Escape, Zulu, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Pale Rider
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western
3 I prefer native americans movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cheyenne Autumn

1 Cast Away, Meet the Parents, Awakenings, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, Miracle on 34th Street, and While You Were Sleeping are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Map of the World
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, David Strathairn
3 I like John Lone movies more. Do you know anything else?	M. Butterfly

1 Spirited Away, Young Frankenstein, The Cable Guy, Goodfellas, The House of Yes, Trees Lounge, and About a Boy are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Slacker
2 What else is that about?	Richard Linklater
3 I prefer lesbian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pariah

1 I really liked Die Hard, Mr. Holland's Opus, Dave, The Rock, A Little Princess, Old Yeller, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a b-movie movie.	Ed Wood
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Patricia Arquette, Sarah Jessica Parker, Martin Landau
3 I rate Bruce Campbell movies. Any other suggestions?	My Name Is Bruce

1 Babe, Delicatessen, Das Boot, The Last of the Mohicans, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Limey
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer tense movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eastern Promises

1 Payback, Bad Boys, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Braveheart, Blade, G.I. Jane, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Negotiator
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I rate John Woo movies. Any other suggestions?	Face/Off

1 Paris, Texas, After Hours, The Lives of Others, My Life as a Dog, A Night at the Opera, Minority Report, and Touching the Void are films I loved. I'm looking for a toshiro mifune movie.	The Hidden Fortress
2 What else is that about?	Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa, Princess
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stray Dog

1 The Illusionist, The Lives of Others, The Dark Knight, The Matrix, Django Unchained, Pulp Fiction, and Hot Fuzz are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Intouchables
2 Who does that star?	François Cluzet, Omar Sy
3 I prefer Paul Rudd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How Do You Know

1 Sabrina, 101 Dalmatians, Anne Frank Remembered, Primal Fear, A Time to Kill, Jack, and Eye for an Eye are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	The Spitfire Grill
2 What else is that about?	Prison
3 I rate island movies. Any other suggestions?	Escape from Alcatraz

1 I liked Black Hawk Down, There's Something About Mary, Philadelphia, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a German movie.	The Experiment
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Hirschbiegel
3 I rate Oskar Roehler movies. Any other suggestions?	Atomised

1 The Sixth Sense, The African Queen, Brazil, Blade Runner, There's Something About Mary, High Plains Drifter, and Beauty and the Beast are films I love. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Hang 'Em High
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, Ted Post
3 I prefer Delmer Daves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jubal

1 Toy Story 2, The Incredibles, The Terminator, Sin City, The Godfather, Blade Runner, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christian Bale movie.	The Prestige
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I rate David O. Russell movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fighter

1 A Christmas Story, Toy Story 2, Amélie, Life Is Beautiful, Wonder Boys, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Clockwatchers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Dogtown and Z-Boys
2 What else is that about?	History, Documentary, skateboarding, Stacy Peralta
3 I rate Chris Marker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Bolshevik

1 The Matrix, Avatar, The Adjustment Bureau, The NeverEnding Story, The Dark Knight Rises, Inside Man, and The Dark Knight are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Time Machine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, time travel, H.G. Wells, George Pal
3 I prefer classic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Black Cauldron

1 I loved Cube, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Fargo, Leaving Las Vegas, Heavenly Creatures, The Crying Game, and North by Northwest. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	But I'm a Cheerleader
2 What else is that about?	gay, satirical, lesbian, Clea DuVall, Cathy Moriarty
3 I like Sofia Coppola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Somewhere

1 Apollo 13, Broken Arrow, Forrest Gump, Dave, GoldenEye, The Fugitive, and The Net are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Stargate
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I prefer Virgil W. Vogel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Land Unknown

1 Groundhog Day, Being John Malkovich, The Princess Bride, The Usual Suspects, and The Gods Must Be Crazy are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Toy Story 2
2 Who does that star?	Joan Cusack
3 I like Jon Voight movies more. Do you know anything else?	Anaconda

1 The Wrong Trousers, The Fifth Element, The Silence of the Lambs, L.A. Confidential, Pretty Woman, Groundhog Day, and On Golden Pond are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Splash
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, Ron Howard, John Candy
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Valentine's Day

1 Back to the Future Part II, Beauty and the Beast, The Birdcage, The Blues Brothers, Basic Instinct, Blazing Saddles, and Big are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Angela's Ashes
2 Who does that star?	Robert Carlyle, Emily Watson, Ciaran Owens, Joe Breen
3 I like Robert Flemyng movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blackmailed

1 I liked American Beauty, House of Sand and Fog, After Hours, Happiness, Groundhog Day, Winter's Bone, and In the Bedroom. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Onibaba
2 Who does that star?	Nobuko Otowa, Jitsuko Yoshimura
3 I prefer Peter Horton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Children of the Corn

1 I like Life Is Beautiful, Goodfellas, Traffic, On the Waterfront, The Sting, Dances with Wolves, and Chicago. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
3 I rate Peter Wellington movies. Any other suggestions?	Cottage Country

1 I watched the films House of Flying Daggers, Deep Impact, Speed, First Knight, The Fast and the Furious, Dante's Peak, and The Birds and loved them. I'm looking for a Ron Underwood movie.	Tremors
2 What else is that about?	Monster, Kevin Bacon, Ron Underwood
3 I prefer robert downey jr movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heart and Souls

1 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Highlander, The Big Lebowski, The Full Monty, The Shawshank Redemption, Unbreakable, and Akira are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon
3 I like Gérard Depardieu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Uranus

1 I liked The Purple Rose of Cairo, The Sting, Annie Hall, North by Northwest, The Wrong Trousers, Young Frankenstein, and Immortal Beloved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Little Voice
2 What else is that about?	Mark Herman
3 I like Reese Witherspoon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Walk the Line

1 Shakespeare in Love, October Sky, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Graduate, The Silence of the Lambs, Gone with the Wind, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	r, disability, Billy Bob Thornton, John Ritter
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sessions

1 I really like Memento, Love Actually, Black Swan, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Kick-Ass, Up, and Inception. I'm looking for a Jeff Goldblum movie.	Igby Goes Down
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Goldblum, Claire Danes, Kieran Culkin, Ryan Phillippe
3 I prefer Juliette Lewis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Switch

1 I love The Third Man, The Joy Luck Club, Summer of Sam, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Some Like It Hot, Manhattan, and Tin Cup. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I prefer Andrew Adamson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shrek 2

1 Dial M for Murder, Chinatown, The Wizard of Oz, Blade Runner, Das Boot, Hoop Dreams, and Contempt are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Nicolas Roeg movie.	Walkabout
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Nicolas Roeg, Jenny Agutter
3 I like Mick Jagger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Performance

1 I love Vertigo, Punch-Drunk Love, Pulp Fiction, and Planet of the Apes. I'm looking for a Grace movie.	Dogville
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier

1 Fallen, Strange Days, Saving Private Ryan, Powder, The Godfather, Planet of the Apes, and Repo Man are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Young Sherlock Holmes
2 What else is that about?	Sherlock Holmes, get
3 I prefer kubrick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barry Lyndon

1 I really liked The Count of Monte Cristo, Rain Man, Catch Me If You Can, The Dark Knight Rises, The Last Samurai, Fight Club, and Inception. I'm looking for a hacker movie.	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
2 Who does that star?	Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara
3 I rate Angelina Jolie movies. Any other suggestions?	Hackers

1 Back to the Future, Pulp Fiction, Shrek, and Men in Black are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I prefer bond movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thunderball

1 I loved Jumanji and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Waterworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Reynolds
3 I prefer Lawrence Kasdan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Silverado

1 Key Largo, Citizen Kane, Lifeboat, Great Expectations, RoboCop, Aladdin, and Austin Powers in Goldmember are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I like Lee Unkrich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Toy Story 3

1 Bowling for Columbine, Payback, Pulp Fiction, Killing Zoe, Braveheart, Shrek, and The Last Samurai are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Rounders
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon
3 I prefer Bradley Cooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Hustle

1 Jerry Maguire, The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love, Species II, Boys Don't Cry, Better Than Chocolate, Caligula, and Exit to Eden are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Tutor
2 Who is that directed by?	George Bowers
3 I rate Gavin O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	Tumbleweeds

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Dead Man Walking, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and Mars Attacks! are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Hudsucker Proxy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, business, Tim Robbins, f
3 I like Topher Grace movies more. Do you know anything else?	Take Me Home Tonight

1 Batman Begins, Tombstone, Nineteen Eighty-Four, The Matrix, Wonder Boys, A Beautiful Mind, and Blade Runner are films I really like. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	Communion
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Walken, Frances Sternhagen
3 I like Ben Affleck movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gigli

1 North by Northwest, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Great Escape, Rocky, Schindler's List, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and The Graduate are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Blazing Saddles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, satirical, racism, Western, Mel Brooks, Gene Wilder, Madeline Kahn, sheriff, satire?, Slim Pickens
3 I prefer George Stevens movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The More the Merrier

1 Enter the Dragon, The Crying Game, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Unforgiven, In the Name of the Father, Memento, and Malcolm X are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	West Side Story
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, new york city, long, dance, shakespeare, New York, gangs, Broadway, best picture, Robert Wise, super panavision 70, Stephen Sondheim, Natalie Wood, Romeo and Juliet, choreography
3 I prefer Ewan McGregor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moulin Rouge!

1 I liked The Terminator, Forrest Gump, Back to the Future Part III, Aliens, Dune, Independence Day, and Gattaca. I'm looking for a Maximilian Schell movie.	The Black Hole
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Perkins, Robert Forster, Maximilian Schell, Joseph Bottoms
3 I prefer Ricardo Montalban movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reluctant Saint

1 Schindler's List, Speed, Assassins, Virtuosity, The Silence of the Lambs, Desperado, and Pulp Fiction are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Heavy Metal
2 What else is that about?	Animation, nudity
3 I rate Andy Samberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 I liked Little Big Man, Rear Window, Casino, The Deer Hunter, Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Godfather, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for an anime movie.	Castle in the Sky
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, animated, Japanese, miyazaki
3 I rate Yasuhiro Yoshiura movies. Any other suggestions?	Pale Cocoon

1 I love Happy Gilmore, Eraser, The Rock, Phenomenon, and Toy Story. I'm looking for an invasion movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I like Chris Hemsworth movies more. Do you know anything else?	Red Dawn

1 Eat Drink Man Woman, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Once Were Warriors, American History X, Saving Private Ryan, Trainspotting, and The Last of the Mohicans are films I liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The English Patient
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Minghella
3 I like Ellie Kanner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wake

1 The Breakfast Club, Top Gun, Dead Poets Society, To Kill a Mockingbird, Midnight Express, Sling Blade, and Father Goose are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Sure Thing
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Daphne Zuniga
3 I prefer William Powell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Star of Midnight

1 Patton, The Third Man, The Age of Innocence, Stalker, Schindler's List, North by Northwest, and The Shining are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Graduate
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Hotel, Mike Nichols, Anne Bancroft
3 I rate Madonna movies. Any other suggestions?	The Next Best Thing

1 I watched the films Jules and Jim, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues, Bubble Boy, The Graduate, Gattaca, American History X, and SLC Punk! and loved them. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Good Dick
2 Who does that star?	Marianna Palka

1 The Dark Knight, Stalag 17, Superbad, The Muppet Christmas Carol, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Hoosiers, and The Parent Trap are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Andrew V. McLaglen movie.	McLintock!
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Patrick Wayne
3 I rate James Stewart movies. Any other suggestions?	Shenandoah

1 The Piano, Widows' Peak, Pinocchio, What's Love Got to Do with It, Braveheart, The Secret of Roan Inish, and Little Women are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Belle de Jour
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Deneuve, Michel Piccoli, Jean Sorel
3 I like Sylvia Sidney movies more. Do you know anything else?	You Only Live Once

1 Gone with the Wind, The American President, The Philadelphia Story, Top Hat, Toy Story 2, Shakespeare in Love, and Speed are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bond movie.	The World Is Not Enough
2 What else is that about?	assassin, james bond, bond, Pierce Brosnan
3 I prefer 007 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Never Say Never Again

1 I love Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Toy Story, Jurassic Park, Aladdin, Lawrence of Arabia, Casablanca, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, High School, coming of age, teen, school, John Hughes, teenager, brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald, Judd Nelson, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy
3 I like John Huston movies more. Do you know anything else?	In This Our Life

1 I really like What's Love Got to Do with It, True Grit, Driving Miss Daisy, Matchstick Men, Waking Life, Silkwood, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for a Peter O'Toole movie.	The Lion in Winter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, england, historical, Anthony Hopkins, Peter O'Toole, Timothy Dalton, Katharine Hepburn, Anthony Harvey
3 I like David Lean movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lawrence of Arabia

1 Blade Runner, Cyrano de Bergerac, Unforgiven, The Wrong Trousers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Fifth Element, and The Godfather are movies I love. I'm looking for a black and white movie.	Clerks
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, Kevin Smith, theater, view askew, jay and silent bob, 4
3 I prefer David Lynch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Elephant Man

1 Singin' in the Rain, The Longest Day, Them!, We Were Soldiers, The Karate Kid, Part II, Duck Soup, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Eric Bana movie.	Black Hawk Down
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Eric Bana, Tom Sizemore, Josh Hartnett
3 I rate Leslie Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny People

1 I really liked MASH and The Bridge on the River Kwai. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Walk the Line
2 Who does that star?	Joaquin Phoenix, Reese Witherspoon, Robert Patrick, Ginnifer Goodwin
3 I like Angela Bassett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Malcolm X

1 I like Toy Story, Good Will Hunting, Saving Private Ryan, The Silence of the Lambs, Much Ado About Nothing, Phenomenon, and Philadelphia. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Mary McGuckian movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bridge of San Luis Rey

1 Circle of Friends, Pulp Fiction, Clueless, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Muriel's Wedding, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I like Morgan Freeman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Clean and Sober

1 Ed Wood, Swimming with Sharks, Mallrats, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Evil Dead II, Natural Born Killers, and Casablanca are films I really liked. I'm looking for a romantic movie.	Before Sunrise
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, Ethan Hawke, minimalist, Richard Linklater, Julie Delpy, vienna
3 I rate screenplay movies. Any other suggestions?	Before Sunset

1 Antz, Stuart Little, Four Weddings and a Funeral, A Walk in the Clouds, The Lion King, Cars, and My Best Friend's Wedding are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 Who does that star?	Paul Reubens, Elizabeth Daily, Mark Holton, Diane Salinger
3 I prefer Juhani Niemelä movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Without a Past

1 I really liked Jerry Maguire, The Substitute, The Juror, Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead, Independence Day, Ransom, and Jack. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	A Very Brady Sequel
2 What else is that about?	sequel
3 I like cast movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2

1 The Godfather, Nashville, On the Waterfront, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Graduate, and Dersu Uzala are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Children of Heaven
2 Who is that directed by?	Majid Majidi
3 I prefer Rory Kelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Some Girl

1 The Mummy, My Cousin Vinny, The Breakfast Club, Big Daddy, There's Something About Mary, The Matrix, and As Good as It Gets are films I like. I'm looking for a Howard Deutch movie.	Pretty in Pink
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Deutch

1 Sabrina, Sudden Death, The Rock, The Fan, Executive Decision, That Thing You Do!, and The Mirror Has Two Faces are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Fled
2 What else is that about?	Action
3 I rate disney movies. Any other suggestions?	Maleficent

1 I watched the films Life as a House, Me Myself I, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Orange County, Ocean's Eleven, Meet the Parents, and Zoolander and loved them. I'm looking for a Chris Rock movie.	Down to Earth
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Weitz
3 I like Chris Rock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Top Five

1 The Proposal, Up, Spider-Man 2, Treasure Planet, Napoleon Dynamite, The Dark Knight, and Scream 2 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Camp movie.	Friday the 13th
2 What else is that about?	franchise, murder, slasher, Camp
3 I prefer cheerleading movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fired Up!

1 Vertigo, The Bourne Identity, L.A. Confidential, The Others, Working Girl, Saving Private Ryan, and The Game are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk on the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Diane Lane, Anna Paquin
3 I prefer Terrence Howard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ledge

1 I love The Blues Brothers, Philadelphia, The Shawshank Redemption, Taxi Driver, The Last Emperor, The Graduate, and Ordinary People. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stylized, violence, black comedy, Crime, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, r, dialogue, original, Samuel L. Jackson, humor, own, Uma Thurman, characters, John Travolta, tarantino, noir, cult, non-linear, ironic, mob, Pulp, conversation, unconventional, pop culture references, style, Roger Avary, mobster, monologue, post-modern
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Limey

1 Chicago, Spirited Away, Chicken Run, Ninotchka, Donnie Darko, and The Cat's Meow are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Top Hat
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, astaire and rogers, Fred Astaire, Mark Sandrich, Eric Blore, Ginger Rogers
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 Paths of Glory, Citizen Kane, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, American Beauty, Rear Window, The Usual Suspects, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	City Lights
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, friendship, Love, national film registry, sad, charlie chaplin, G, Chaplin, Blind
3 I rate Jonathan Lynn movies. Any other suggestions?	Wild Target

1 Strangers on a Train, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Maltese Falcon, Casablanca, The Usual Suspects, The Godfather, and Rebecca are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Passion of the Christ
2 What else is that about?	controversial, Mel Gibson, jesus, biblical, jesus christ, gross
3 I rate Richard Fleischer movies. Any other suggestions?	Violent Saturday

1 I watched the films Sweet Home Alabama, Maid in Manhattan, Notting Hill, Pretty Woman, Never Been Kissed, and The Sound of Music and loved them. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Dirty Dancing
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, soundtrack, teen, dance, dancing, Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey
3 I rate disturbing movies. Any other suggestions?	A Clockwork Orange

1 American Graffiti, Harvey, Easy Rider, Dogma, Breaking Away, The Grapes of Wrath, and Pinocchio are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Big Heat
2 Who does that star?	Glenn Ford, Gloria Grahame
3 I prefer Angie Dickinson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rio Bravo

1 I love Z, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Best Years of Our Lives, Captain Blood, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Forbidden Games, and Welcome to the Dollhouse. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Volver
2 What else is that about?	r, Spanish, spain, sexual abuse, almodovar, madrid, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer Orphans movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Boys of St. Vincent

1 Amélie, Gattaca, The NeverEnding Story, Flight of the Navigator, The Secret of NIMH, Aladdin, and Total Recall are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Green Mile
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Darabont
3 I rate Hayao Miyazaki movies. Any other suggestions?	Spirited Away

1 I really like The Score, Antz, Contact, Muppets from Space, Ocean's Eleven, The Sting, and True Lies. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Absolute Power
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Ed Harris, secret service, Laura Linney
3 I rate James Garner movies. Any other suggestions?	Space Cowboys

1 I liked Fantasia, When Harry Met Sally..., Evita, Schindler's List, Sabrina, Mickey Blue Eyes, and South Pacific. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry King
3 I like Betty Thomas movies more. Do you know anything else?	John Tucker Must Die

1 Rain Man, Ghostbusters, Liar Liar, Sabrina, When Harry Met Sally..., The Muppets Take Manhattan, and Grease are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What About Bob?
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz
3 I prefer Leslie Small movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hair Show

1 I love Shrek, Love Actually, Life Is Beautiful, Monsters, Inc., Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, It's a Wonderful Life, and Bowling for Columbine. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing
2 Who is that directed by?	Jill Sprecher
3 I rate John Cameron Mitchell movies. Any other suggestions?	Rabbit Hole

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Sleepers, Natural Born Killers, Searching for Bobby Fischer, GoldenEye, Leaving Las Vegas, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape are films I like. I'm looking for an addiction movie.	Trainspotting
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, british, 1980s, Ewan McGregor, addiction, heroin, Danny Boyle, drug addiction, united kingdom, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, scottish, Irvine Welsh, edinburgh, Kevin McKidd, Jonny Lee Miller, drug
3 I rate psychological movies. Any other suggestions?	Requiem for a Dream

1 Broadcast News, Bonnie and Clyde, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Total Recall, The Last of the Mohicans, Shakespeare in Love, and Sabrina are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	A Chef in Love
2 Who does that star?	Pierre Richard, Nino Kirtadze
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I like Unforgiven, Braveheart, Glory, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Animal House, The English Patient, and The Sting. I'm looking for a Kevin Smith movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes
3 I rate Brian O'Halloran movies. Any other suggestions?	Clerks

1 I watched the films Leaving Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, Heat, The Shawshank Redemption, Sense and Sensibility, The Usual Suspects, and Trainspotting and loved them. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I prefer John Singleton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shaft

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Mr. Holland's Opus, Independence Day, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and Clear and Present Danger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Phenomenon
2 What else is that about?	own, John Travolta, genius, Forest Whitaker, Robert Duvall, Jon Turteltaub, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I prefer Josef von Sternberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Docks of New York

1 Mrs. Miniver, Modern Times, Father of the Bride, The Iron Giant, The American President, Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison, and Mary Poppins are films I love. I'm looking for a Brothers movie.	Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen
3 I prefer Tony Kaye movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American History X

1 Spirited Away, Stardust, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, The Godfather, Castle in the Sky, Cloud Atlas, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Machete Kills
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez
3 I rate Wes Ball movies. Any other suggestions?	The Maze Runner

1 October Sky, Elizabeth, Mona Lisa, The Pillow Book, Indochine, Fargo, and The Sheltering Sky are films I really like. I'm looking for a Philip Kaufman movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 What else is that about?	4, Philip Kaufman, prague, Milan Kundera
3 I like Geoffrey Rush movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quills

1 I loved Run Lola Run, Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Croods, White Chicks, Severance, Cashback, and Dinner for Schmucks. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Lone Ranger
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, long, Western, Gore Verbinski, Armie Hammer, William Fichtner
3 I prefer Ernest Borgnine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wild Bunch

1 Duck Soup, North by Northwest, Vertigo, Cold Comfort Farm, Bob Roberts, To Be or Not to Be, and Manhattan are movies I love. I'm looking for a baltimore movie.	Hairspray
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, Broadway, segregation, baltimore, maryland
3 I rate Documentary movies. Any other suggestions?	Darkon

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, City of God, Dogma, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Almost Famous, and American Beauty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Robert Clouse movie.	Enter the Dragon
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Clouse
3 I like Bruce Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	Game of Death

1 Brokeback Mountain, A Room with a View, The Squid and the Whale, X-Men, Dead Man Walking, Cape Fear, and Highlander are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer in the Dark
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, Musical, soundtrack, Lars von Trier, united states, Catherine Deneuve, David Morse
3 I prefer Jon Favreau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swingers

1 Fargo, The Great Escape, The Godfather, Raging Bull, Rear Window, Pulp Fiction, and Goodfellas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Gold movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Gold
3 I like bond movies more. Do you know anything else?	Goldfinger

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Serenity, The Departed, Finding Nemo, Blade Runner, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Watership Down
2 What else is that about?	John Hurt
3 I prefer historical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Apollo 13

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Edward Scissorhands, Arlington Road, The Mask of Zorro, The Goonies, Beauty and the Beast, and The Wedding Singer are movies I love. I'm looking for a Natasha Richardson movie.	Maid in Manhattan
2 What else is that about?	Ralph Fiennes, Jennifer Lopez, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate Jodie Foster movies. Any other suggestions?	Nell

1 The Lion King, Father of the Bride Part II, Beverly Hills Cop III, Dangerous Minds, Schindler's List, Devil in a Blue Dress, and Major Payne are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Little Rascals
2 What else is that about?	Penelope Spheeris
3 I rate Patrick Wilson movies. Any other suggestions?	Barry Munday

1 Stand by Me, City of God, Slumdog Millionaire, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Schindler's List, A Christmas Story, and The Matrix are films I love. I'm looking for a Bill Hader movie.	Adventureland
2 Who does that star?	Jesse Eisenberg
3 I prefer Danny McBride movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hot Rod

1 I really liked Full Metal Jacket, Thirteen Days, Amélie, American Beauty, The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, and Downfall. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Darko
2 What else is that about?	dark, r, Jake Gyllenhaal, Drew Barrymore, Maggie Gyllenhaal, get, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, cdon, director's cut, Mary McDonnell, Noah Wyle, Richard Kelly
3 I prefer Ryan Gosling movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lars and the Real Girl

1 MASH, Airplane!, Seven Samurai, Strange Days, Ben-Hur, The Sixth Sense, and All About My Mother are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Charles Bronson movie.	Once Upon a Time in the West
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I prefer Michael Winner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mechanic

1 I really like The Devil Wears Prada, The Wrestler, Dallas Buyers Club, Save the Last Dance, The Dark Knight, The Perks of Being a Wallflower, and The Hunger Games. I'm looking for an Elisha Cuthbert movie.	The Girl Next Door
2 Who does that star?	Emile Hirsch, Timothy Olyphant, James Remar, Elisha Cuthbert
3 I prefer Camilla Belle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Quiet

1 Witness for the Prosecution, The Wizard of Oz, The Graduate, The Big Sleep, Chinatown, Manhattan, and The Lost Weekend are movies I love. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	Ben-Hur
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I like Victor Fleming movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gone with the Wind

1 Sanjuro, The Wrong Trousers, American Beauty, Dark City, A Close Shave, Hercules, and Sleeping Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Yojimbo
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa
3 I like Tod Browning movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Unholy Three

1 I love Airplane!, The King of Comedy, Breaking Away, Fargo, Taxi Driver, On the Waterfront, and You Can Count on Me. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Stanley Kramer
3 I prefer Mario Monicelli movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Deal on Madonna Street

1 I loved Much Ado About Nothing, Speed, What's Love Got to Do with It, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Searching for Bobby Fischer, A Walk in the Clouds, and The Age of Innocence. I'm looking for a decent movie.	How to Make an American Quilt
2 Who is that directed by?	Jocelyn Moorhouse

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Rushmore, Bottle Rocket, and Amélie are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All the Real Girls
2 Who does that star?	Zooey Deschanel, Paul Schneider, Shea Whigham
3 I rate Demi Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Striptease

1 Arsenic and Old Lace, Citizen Kane, The Wizard of Oz, Lone Star, Raising Arizona, The Princess Bride, and A Close Shave are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Nobody's Fool
2 What else is that about?	Paul Newman, Robert Benton
3 I like Philippe Falardeau movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Good Lie

1 I really like The Breakfast Club, Ransom, Much Ado About Nothing, Girl, Interrupted, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Somewhere in Time, and Amélie. I'm looking for an Irish movie.	Far and Away
2 What else is that about?	Romance, 70mm, Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, immigrants, Irish
3 I rate Stephen Frears movies. Any other suggestions?	The Snapper

1 I watched the films Diva, Auntie Mame, The Sound of Music, Tootsie, Lars and the Real Girl, Henry V, and Harvie Krumpet and loved them. I'm looking for a 1970s movie.	Cry Freedom
2 What else is that about?	africa, 1970s, south africa, apartheid, Richard Attenborough
3 I rate Christian Bale movies. Any other suggestions?	American Hustle

1 I watched the films Heathers, The Apartment, The Silence of the Lambs, Annie Hall, Fargo, Casablanca, and Blade Runner and loved them. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Fall
2 Who does that star?	Lee Pace, Justine Waddell, Catinca Untaru
3 I rate Michael Beck movies. Any other suggestions?	Xanadu

1 I watched the films The Hunger Games, The Wizard of Oz, Fly Away Home, Billy Elliot, Babe, Jurassic Park, and Shrek and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Juno
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, original, teen, pregnancy, Ellen Page, Michael Cera, Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner, teenager, Jason Reitman
3 I prefer Demi Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Few Good Men

1 Schindler's List, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wrong Trousers, Open Your Eyes, Being There, The Fisher King, and Seven Samurai are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dancer, Texas Pop. 81
2 Who does that star?	Breckin Meyer, Ethan Embry, Peter Facinelli, Eddie Mills
3 I prefer Alejandro Rey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moscow on the Hudson

1 The Birdcage, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Clerks, Taxi Driver, Babe, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 Who is that directed by?	George Huang
3 I like Bruce Beresford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crimes of the Heart

1 The Hustler, Spirited Away, Schindler's List, Chinatown, Vertigo, All the President's Men, and City of God are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Wendell Corey
3 I prefer Viva Bianca movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scorned

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, JFK, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, Reservoir Dogs, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Jeff Bridges movie.	Arlington Road
2 What else is that about?	r, terrorism, Jeff Bridges
3 I rate military movies. Any other suggestions?	The Men Who Stare at Goats

1 I liked The Spanish Prisoner, Raising Arizona, Apollo 13, Saving Private Ryan, The Little Mermaid, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I rate Joseph L. Mankiewicz movies. Any other suggestions?	Dragonwyck

1 Big Night, Dangerous Liaisons, The Sting, When Harry Met Sally..., City of Angels, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Birdcage are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I like John Cusack movies more. Do you know anything else?	War, Inc.

1 I loved Superman, Schindler's List, The Tin Drum, It's a Wonderful Life, Ocean's Eleven, The Outlaw Josey Wales, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Looking for Mr. Goodbar
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Tuesday Weld, Richard Kiley
3 I prefer Jennifer Lopez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bordertown

1 The Bourne Identity, The Matrix, Office Space, V for Vendetta, Dead Poets Society, Amélie, and Crash are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I like Angelina Jolie movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tourist

1 Paths of Glory, The Shining, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Secretary, Blade Runner, and Taxi Driver are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Pi
2 What else is that about?	surreal, psychological, r, directorial debut, Darren Aronofsky, math
3 I rate Hayley Mills movies. Any other suggestions?	That Darn Cat!

1 Spartacus, The Shining, Rosemary's Baby, Paths of Glory, City Lights, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and Chinatown are films I love. I'm looking for a Frank Capra movie.	It Happened One Night
2 Who does that star?	Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert
3 I rate Bette Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	Pocketful of Miracles

1 The Long Goodbye, In a Lonely Place, Wild Strawberries, Saving Private Ryan, Raiders of the Lost Ark, MASH, and Farewell My Concubine are movies I like. I'm looking for an Irish movie.	Hear My Song
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Chelsom
3 I like Mike Newell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Into the West

1 The Mask, A Grand Day Out, Stargate, Drop Dead Fred, All Dogs Go to Heaven 2, Hot Shots! Part Deux, and Alien are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mick Jackson movie.	Clean Slate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mick Jackson

1 Fight Club, Monsters, Inc., City of God, Ocean's Eleven, Despicable Me, Requiem for a Dream, and Black Swan are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 Who is that directed by?	Shane Black
3 I like Julie Anne Robinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	One for the Money

1 Metropolis, James and the Giant Peach, Raising Arizona, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Wings of Desire, Being John Malkovich, and Old Yeller are films I liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, German
3 I rate Noam Chomsky movies. Any other suggestions?	Is the Man Who Is Tall Happy?

1 I loved Trainspotting, Inglourious Basterds, Brokeback Mountain, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Milk, Pulp Fiction, and Velvet Goldmine. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Billy Elliot
2 Who does that star?	Jamie Bell, Gary Lewis, Jamie Draven
3 I rate Barbara Hershey movies. Any other suggestions?	Hannah and Her Sisters

1 The Deer Hunter, Run Lola Run, Taxi Driver, A Woman Under the Influence, Apocalypse Now, 3 Women, and The Conversation are films I really like. I'm looking for a Luis Buñuel movie.	The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Luis Buñuel
3 I rate Short movies. Any other suggestions?	Un Chien Andalou

1 I liked Patriot Games, Get Shorty, The Shining, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Usual Suspects, True Romance, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate video games movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wizard

1 American Beauty, Innocence, Groundhog Day, Almost Famous, A Family Thing, Pather Panchali, and Smoke Signals are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Off the Black
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ponsoldt
3 I like Paul Mazursky movies more. Do you know anything else?	Next Stop, Greenwich Village

1 My Cousin Vinny, 10 Things I Hate About You, Bridget Jones's Diary, Serendipity, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Risky Business, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I liked. I'm looking for a High School movie.	Varsity Blues
2 What else is that about?	High School, sports, football, Texas
3 I like Lisa Kudrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion

1 Indochine, Cool Hand Luke, Peeping Tom, King of the Hill, Shakespeare in Love, Midnight Cowboy, and The Night of the Hunter are films I really liked. I'm looking for a world war i movie.	La Grande Illusion
2 What else is that about?	War, world war i, Jean Renoir, prisoners of war
3 I prefer cinematography movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lawrence of Arabia

1 Big Night, My Left Foot, The Usual Suspects, Shadowlands, The Birdcage, Lone Star, and The Remains of the Day are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Priest
2 What else is that about?	Priest
3 I prefer Amber Tamblyn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants

1 I love Sin City, Million Dollar Baby, Chocolat, Cinema Paradiso, The Godfather, Forrest Gump, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Unfaithful
2 Who is that directed by?	Adrian Lyne
3 I rate Álex de la Iglesia movies. Any other suggestions?	The Oxford Murders

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Gladiator, Good Will Hunting, The Others, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, There's Something About Mary, and Shakespeare in Love are films I really liked. I'm looking for an iraq movie.	Green Zone
2 What else is that about?	War, Matt Damon, iraq, Greg Kinnear, Paul Greengrass, u.s. army
3 I like Ryan Reynolds movies more. Do you know anything else?	Buried

1 Aliens, To Kill a Mockingbird, Glory, Braveheart, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Usual Suspects, and Grosse Pointe Blank are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Sturges movie.	The Great Escape
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Prison, Steve McQueen, Escape, Richard Attenborough, John Sturges, prisoners of war, pow
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Mystery Street

1 Bonnie and Clyde, Taxi Driver, The Terminator, American Beauty, The Wrong Trousers, Paths of Glory, and Platoon are films I like. I'm looking for a Glenn Close movie.	The Big Chill
2 What else is that about?	suicide, Glenn Close, Lawrence Kasdan
3 I like Gary Oldman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Air Force One

1 Traffic, Primal Fear, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Usual Suspects, The Abyss, Boys Don't Cry, and The Talented Mr. Ripley are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Mission
2 What else is that about?	Johnnie To
3 I like Crime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Le Samouraï

1 I liked Backdraft, The Shawshank Redemption, Rudy, Children of Men, Babel, Zodiac, and Pan's Labyrinth. I'm looking for a Brooklyn movie.	Half Nelson
2 Who does that star?	Ryan Gosling, Shareeka Epps
3 I rate Dorothy McGuire movies. Any other suggestions?	A Tree Grows in Brooklyn

1 Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, and In the Name of the Father are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 What else is that about?	british, Hugh Grant, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet, Jane Austen, Emma Thompson, Ang Lee, English, period
3 I rate Anna Kendrick movies. Any other suggestions?	Rocket Science

1 I watched the films Mary Poppins, Pinocchio, Charade, Singin' in the Rain, Jaws, Reservoir Dogs, and Vertigo and loved them. I'm looking for a Drew Barrymore movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, emotional, spielberg, stranded, Drew Barrymore, e.t.
3 I prefer Whoopi Goldberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Boys on the Side

1 I like The Bridge on the River Kwai, Dances with Wolves, The Trouble with Harry, A Bug's Life, True Lies, The Terminator, and Tomorrow Never Dies. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man in the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Reese Witherspoon
3 I prefer Masami Nagasawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	From Up on Poppy Hill

1 I like The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Milk Money, Braveheart, Pinocchio, Rudy, The Client, and The Birdcage. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Free Willy
2 What else is that about?	Family
3 I prefer new zealand movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fly Away Home

1 The Man in the Iron Mask, The Recruit, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Lost Boys, I, Robot, Sleepless in Seattle, and Home Alone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Peter Segal movie.	Anger Management
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Adam Sandler, Peter Segal
3 I prefer Chris Farley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tommy Boy

1 Lost in Translation, The Blues Brothers, A Clockwork Orange, Office Space, The Wrong Trousers, Blade Runner, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a guitar movie.	School of Rock
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Jack Black, school, teacher, Richard Linklater, rock, guitar

1 Tender Mercies, Ed Wood, Seven Samurai, Passion Fish, Brazil, A Grand Day Out, and Fearless are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Simple-Minded Murderer
2 Who is that directed by?	Hans Alfredson
3 I prefer Mario Van Peebles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	New Jack City

1 The Proposal, Miss Congeniality, Nine, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, My Best Friend's Wedding, Cars, and Titanic are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Letters to Juliet
2 Who does that star?	Amanda Seyfried, Gael García Bernal
3 I like Brenda Fricker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deadly Advice

1 Friday the 13th, Saving Private Ryan, A Christmas Story, American History X, Clue, Norma Rae, and Rocky II are films I really like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Heartbreak Ridge
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Sergio Leone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For a Few Dollars More

1 Miracle, The Sixth Sense, Tommy Boy, Schindler's List, Sideways, Bowling for Columbine, and Fargo are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Last House on the Left
2 Who does that star?	Garret Dillahunt
3 I like Katia Winter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Banshee Chapter

1 I really like The Godfather, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, 8½, In the Loop, Mulholland Drive, Pulp Fiction, and The Devil and Daniel Johnston. I'm looking for a Gus Van Sant movie.	Gerry
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Casey Affleck
3 I prefer Gabe Nevins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Paranoid Park

1 Rocky, Unforgiven, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Angel Heart, Poltergeist, JFK, and The Blues Brothers are films I really like. I'm looking for a Kyle MacLachlan movie.	The Hidden
2 What else is that about?	Kyle MacLachlan
3 I like lynch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue Velvet

1 Heat, Ronin, Pulp Fiction, The Matrix, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Reservoir Dogs, and Blade Runner are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Glengarry Glen Ross
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, David Mamet, Jack Lemmon, real estate, mamet, James Foley
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The L-Shaped Room

1 I liked My Neighbor Totoro, The King's Speech, Waterworld, Kin-dza-dza!, The Matrix, MASH, and Spirited Away. I'm looking for a psychological movie.	The Cell
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Jennifer Lopez, Vincent D'Onofrio
3 I prefer kubrick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Clockwork Orange

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Legends of the Fall, Schindler's List, The Crow, True Romance, Natural Born Killers, and The Rock. I'm looking for a Brad Pitt movie.	Kalifornia
2 Who is that directed by?	Dominic Sena
3 I rate Robert Redford movies. Any other suggestions?	A River Runs Through It

1 Roman Holiday, Nosferatu, Bicycle Thieves, Pulp Fiction, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Rashomon, and Run Lola Run are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Takeshi Kaneshiro movie.	Fallen Angels
2 What else is that about?	hong kong, Takeshi Kaneshiro
3 I prefer Japanese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Returner

1 Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, Lone Star, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Bound, Shallow Grave, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Johnny Depp
3 I rate Nora Tschirner movies. Any other suggestions?	Rabbit Without Ears

1 The Pianist, The Bourne Ultimatum, Speed, Being John Malkovich, The Fly, Rushmore, and Toy Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crying Game
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Forest Whitaker, Neil Jordan, ira, Stephen Rea, Soldier
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mildred Pierce

1 True Romance, North by Northwest, American Beauty, The Shining, A Simple Plan, Blazing Saddles, and RoboCop are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a punk rock movie.	Sid and Nancy
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, punk, punk rock, Alex Cox
3 I prefer Finnish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Punk Syndrome

1 The Usual Suspects, The Princess Bride, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Full Metal Jacket, Man on the Moon, Fight Club, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt
3 I prefer Joan Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Upside of Anger

1 The Graduate, To Sir, with Love, The Crying Game, Apocalypse Now, Superman, Being John Malkovich, and Magnolia are films I love. I'm looking for a Harvey Keitel movie.	Bad Lieutenant
2 What else is that about?	Harvey Keitel
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore

1 Jacob's Ladder, Apocalypse Now, Open Your Eyes, Groundhog Day, Blade Runner, Brazil, and Stand by Me are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Purple Rose of Cairo
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Woody Allen
3 I like Dan Aykroyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coneheads

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, Gladiator, Spider-Man, Tomorrow Never Dies, The Social Network, Toy Story 3, and Spider-Man 3. I'm looking for a torture movie.	Die Another Day
2 What else is that about?	franchise, james bond, torture, bond, Pierce Brosnan, north korea, Lee Tamahori
3 I prefer serial killer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Know Who Killed Me

1 I like Black Hawk Down, The Shawshank Redemption, Memento, Hoop Dreams, When Harry Met Sally..., Dead Again, and Die Hard 2. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	You Can Count on Me
2 What else is that about?	r, Family, small town, Mark Ruffalo, Matthew Broderick, Laura Linney
3 I rate Molly Ringwald movies. Any other suggestions?	The Breakfast Club

1 I love RoboCop, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Basketball Diaries, The Lion King, House on Haunted Hill, and Entrapment. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meatballs
2 Who does that star?	Bill Murray
3 I rate Jack Lemmon movies. Any other suggestions?	Luv

1 Blade Runner, Vertigo, Reservoir Dogs, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Lone Star, and Rear Window are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody
3 I prefer Yvette Mimieux movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark of the Sun

1 I liked Casablanca, The Usual Suspects, The Matrix, Grave of the Fireflies, Inception, The Shawshank Redemption, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a Vittorio De Sica movie.	Bicycle Thieves
2 Who does that star?	Enzo Staiola, Lamberto Maggiorani
3 I like Lina Gennari movies more. Do you know anything else?	Umberto D.

1 Big Fish, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Forrest Gump, About a Boy, The Breakfast Club, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and Clueless are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
2 What else is that about?	disney, Family, sequel, children, Kids, Rick Moranis, Joe Johnston
3 I prefer Henry Hathaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How the West Was Won

1 Here on Earth, 10 Things I Hate About You, Bridget Jones's Diary, Valley Girl, I Am Sam, Pretty Woman, and Keeping the Faith are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thomas Carter movie.	Save the Last Dance
2 What else is that about?	dance, Julia Stiles, Thomas Carter
3 I prefer youth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swing Kids

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Toy Story, When a Man Loves a Woman, Apollo 13, Beauty and the Beast, Dances with Wolves, and French Kiss are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Only You
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Destiny, Bonnie Hunt
3 I like marx brothers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Room Service

1 The Gods Must Be Crazy, The Blues Brothers, The Terminator, The Princess Bride, Dune, My Cousin Vinny, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Black Hole
2 What else is that about?	disney, Ernest Borgnine, Maximilian Schell
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Glory Road

1 The Mask of Zorro, The Beastmaster, October Sky, The Matrix, Titanic, Gattaca, and Clear and Present Danger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Clean and Sober
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman
3 I rate Radha Mitchell movies. Any other suggestions?	Feast of Love

1 Alien, The Deer Hunter, Aliens, The Conversation, Misery, Donnie Darko, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Limey
2 Who does that star?	Luis Guzmán, Terence Stamp, Lesley Ann Warren, Barry Newman
3 I rate Martin Lawrence movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Momma's House 2

1 I watched the films Rocky, The Dark Knight, The Philadelphia Story, Punch-Drunk Love, L.A. Confidential, Citizen Kane, and Vertigo and loved them. I'm looking for a time movie.	Back to the Future
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I rate Harold Ramis movies. Any other suggestions?	Groundhog Day

1 I love Seven Beauties, The Godfather, Being There, Harold and Maude, The General, Midnight Cowboy, and Diner. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Grand Hotel
2 Who does that star?	Greta Garbo
3 I like Billie Burke movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Barkleys of Broadway

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Graduate, Sanjuro, Forrest Gump, The Godfather, Dog Day Afternoon, and Metropolis are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tony Richardson movie.	The Loved One
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Tony Richardson
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mademoiselle

1 The Hudsucker Proxy, True Lies, Clueless, Independence Day, Batman Forever, The Shadow, and Hoop Dreams are movies I like. I'm looking for a Sharon Stone movie.	Sliver
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I prefer Jim Jarmusch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Broken Flowers

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really liked. I'm looking for a disease movie.	Outbreak
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, military, disease, Wolfgang Petersen
3 I rate Virus movies. Any other suggestions?	Contagion

1 Outbreak, The Fugitive, Dances with Wolves, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Apollo 13, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Crimson Tide
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Denzel Washington, Submarine, Gene Hackman, Tony Scott
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bite the Bullet

1 I really like Die Hard, The Hunt for Red October, Bowfinger, Magnolia, Air Force One, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Escape from New York. I'm looking for a Leelee Sobieski movie.	Never Been Kissed
2 Who is that directed by?	Raja Gosnell
3 I like Daniel Sackheim movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Glass House

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Die Hard, Spider-Man 2, Aliens, The Fisher King, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, and 12 Angry Men are films I like. I'm looking for a George Lazenby movie.	The Kentucky Fried Movie
2 Who does that star?	David Zucker
3 I prefer Telly Savalas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On Her Majesty's Secret Service

1 I watched the films Mrs. Doubtfire, Sense and Sensibility, The Lion King, Dances with Wolves, Ed Wood, Aladdin, and Schindler's List and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I prefer lesbian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	April's Shower

1 The Shawshank Redemption and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Maverick

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Strictly Ballroom, Swingers, L.A. Confidential, Magnolia, Braveheart, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I like. I'm looking for a canada movie.	Exotica
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan
3 I like Phillip Borsos movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Grey Fox

1 Modern Times, Pulp Fiction, Night on Earth, Lost in Translation, Manhattan, 21 Grams, and Taxi Driver are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Michelle Pfeiffer movie.	The Fabulous Baker Boys
2 What else is that about?	Music, Jeff Bridges, Brothers, Michelle Pfeiffer, Beau Bridges
3 I rate mafia movies. Any other suggestions?	The Family

1 Titanic, The Lion King, Sling Blade, JFK, The Little Mermaid, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Gigi are movies I like. I'm looking for a sports movie.	Bull Durham
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, Kevin Costner, Tim Robbins, Ron Shelton
3 I like Billy Crystal movies more. Do you know anything else?	61*

1 Quiz Show, The Crying Game, Casablanca, Blade Runner, A Fish Called Wanda, Witness, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	The Untouchables
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Robert De Niro, Sean Connery, Kevin Costner, ennio morricone, Brian De Palma, David Mamet, prohibition, na
3 I like slow movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Winslow Boy

1 Erin Brockovich, Office Space, Blade, Good Will Hunting, Die Hard 2, Boiler Room, and Toy Story 2 are movies I loved. I'm looking for a de niro movie.	The Score
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Angela Bassett, Frank Oz, de niro
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raging Bull

1 The Godfather, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, To Kill a Mockingbird, Ed Wood, Glory, and Alien are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Poets Society
2 What else is that about?	Drama, story, Robin Williams, own, school, teacher, poetry, Peter Weir, teaching
3 I like england movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Full Monty

1 I liked Dances with Wolves, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Fargo, The Firm, and Dave. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Crimson Tide
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Denzel Washington, Submarine, Gene Hackman, Tony Scott
3 I prefer sports movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hoosiers

1 Taxi Driver, Fargo, Much Ado About Nothing, Rumble in the Bronx, Bitter Moon, Natural Born Killers, and Canadian Bacon are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Naked
2 What else is that about?	british, Mike Leigh
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	City of God

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Gladiator, No Country for Old Men, A Simple Plan, Night of the Living Dead, The Dark Knight, and Fight Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dawn of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, zombies, r, remake, directorial debut, zombie, Zack Snyder, Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames
3 I prefer found footage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Megan Is Missing

1 Platoon, Predator, The Great Escape, The Matrix, Top Gun, Back to the Future, and Out of Africa are movies I liked. I'm looking for an australian movie.	The Man from Snowy River
2 What else is that about?	Australia, australian, Kirk Douglas
3 I rate Ted Kotcheff movies. Any other suggestions?	Wake in Fright

1 Fargo, High Noon, A Grand Day Out, Cookie's Fortune, Diva, Stop Making Sense, and The Full Monty are movies I love. I'm looking for a Molly Ringwald movie.	Sixteen Candles
2 Who does that star?	Molly Ringwald, Michael Schoeffling
3 I like Billy Bob Thornton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade

1 Rain Man, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Seventh Seal, The Godfather, Seven Samurai, American Beauty, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Magnificent Seven
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remake, library, Western, mexico, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner, James Coburn, John Sturges, Eli Wallach, Robert Vaughn
3 I rate Michael Winner movies. Any other suggestions?	Chato's Land

1 A Clockwork Orange, Contact, Jurassic Park, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Alien are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cult film movie.	Barbarella
2 What else is that about?	cult film, Jane Fonda
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Evil Dead

1 I really liked Alien, The Great Escape, Mister Roberts, Forrest Gump, Pretty Woman, Trading Places, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bonnie and Clyde
2 What else is that about?	Crime, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Gene Wilder, Faye Dunaway, Warren Beatty, On the Road, Arthur Penn, outlaws
3 I like Brian De Palma movies more. Do you know anything else?	Carlito's Way

1 Animal House, Out of Africa, Lost in Translation, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Breakfast Club, Fargo, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Good Morning, Vietnam
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, Robin Williams, vietnam war, vietnam, Radio, Barry Levinson, radio dj
3 I like Kon Ichikawa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fires on the Plain

1 School of Rock, Key Largo, Straw Dogs, Blow, Capote, City of God, and Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Barbarian Invasions
2 What else is that about?	r, Denys Arcand
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Melvin and Howard

1 I watched the films Forrest Gump, Chariots of Fire, It's a Wonderful Life, Local Hero, Buena Vista Social Club, The Player, and Smoke and loved them. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Fair Lady
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor
3 I like John Waters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cry-Baby

1 Poltergeist, Parenthood, Dog Day Afternoon, Grease, The Breakfast Club, Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!, and House of Games are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Charles Bukowski movie.	Barfly
2 What else is that about?	Charles Bukowski
3 I prefer Matt Dillon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Factotum

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, and Outbreak. I'm looking for a War movie.	Crimson Tide
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Scott
3 I rate Lewis Milestone movies. Any other suggestions?	The North Star

1 I like What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Groundhog Day, The Shawshank Redemption, Donnie Brasco, Bulworth, Good Will Hunting, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Murphy's Romance
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The End of Summer

1 The Matrix, Fight Club, Gladiator, The Shining, and Saving Private Ryan are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American History X
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Kaye
3 I rate Clement Virgo movies. Any other suggestions?	Lie with Me

1 The Big Sleep, Singin' in the Rain, Modern Times, The African Queen, Notorious, Stalag 17, and The Maltese Falcon are movies I like. I'm looking for a Preston Sturges movie.	The Lady Eve
2 Who does that star?	Henry Fonda, Barbara Stanwyck
3 I like Veronica Lake movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sullivan's Travels

1 I liked The Rock, Independence Day, Speed, Apollo 13, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Crimson Tide, and Happy Gilmore. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	High School High
2 Who does that star?	Mekhi Phifer, Tia Carrere, Jon Lovitz, Louise Fletcher
3 I like Diana Wynyard movies more. Do you know anything else?	An Ideal Husband

1 I really liked The Goonies, The Matrix, Pecker, Apocalypse Now, High Fidelity, Aliens, and Yellow Submarine. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Goodfellas
2 What else is that about?	Crime, organized crime, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, book, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci
3 I like Biography movies more. Do you know anything else?	Capone

1 The Philadelphia Story, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Bonnie and Clyde, A Fish Called Wanda, A League of Their Own, Cool Hand Luke, and Citizen Kane are films I loved. I'm looking for a characters movie.	The Big Lebowski
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, John Goodman, Jeff Bridges, Steve Buscemi
3 I prefer Greg Sestero movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Room

1 Chocolat, Guys and Dolls, Everyone Says I Love You, Mina Tannenbaum, Almost Famous, The Usual Suspects, and The Umbrellas of Cherbourg are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The School of Flesh
2 Who is that directed by?	Benoît Jacquot
3 I rate Pedro Almodóvar movies. Any other suggestions?	What Have I Done to Deserve This?

1 My Fair Lady, The Silence of the Lambs, and Back to the Future are films I like. I'm looking for an amish movie.	Witness
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir

1 Rashomon, Heathers, Yojimbo, My Fair Lady, Army of Darkness, and 12 Angry Men are movies I love. I'm looking for a John Boorman movie.	Deliverance
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, rape, national film registry, Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, John Boorman, banjo, Ned Beatty
3 I rate Helen Mirren movies. Any other suggestions?	Excalibur

1 The Purple Rose of Cairo, Citizen Kane, Crimes and Misdemeanors, North by Northwest, Take the Money and Run, Waiting for Guffman, and The Wrong Trousers are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Say Anything...
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Ione Skye
3 I like Irrfan Khan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life of Pi

1 I like The Others, Timecop, Caddyshack, Escape from L.A., The Saint, Miss Congeniality, and The Fast and the Furious. I'm looking for a brat pack movie.	St. Elmo's Fire
2 What else is that about?	brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Rob Lowe
3 I rate teen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Breakfast Club

1 Quiz Show, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Beauty and the Beast, Maverick, The American President, Operation Dumbo Drop, and Forrest Gump are films I really like. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	The Client
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon, John Grisham, Joel Schumacher
3 I prefer parody movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Enchanted

1 The Mask, Scarface, There's Something About Mary, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Fight Club, Reservoir Dogs, and The Matrix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Psycho

1 I liked Aliens, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, Groundhog Day, The Terminator, and Scream. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Casino
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I rate Jim Kouf movies. Any other suggestions?	Gang Related

1 I watched the films Brazil, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, My Neighbor Totoro, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Apocalypse Now, Taxi Driver, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a John Boorman movie.	The General
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Gleeson, John Boorman
3 I prefer merlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Excalibur

1 The King's Speech, Napoleon Dynamite, The Man from Snowy River, Black Hawk Down, It Happened One Night, The Sixth Sense, and The Triplets of Belleville are movies I like. I'm looking for a Matthew McConaughey movie.	We Are Marshall
2 Who is that directed by?	McG
3 I prefer Christopher Nolan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Interstellar

1 I like Red Rock West, The Manchurian Candidate, Pulp Fiction, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Henry V, Autumn Tale, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for an Emma Thompson movie.	Howards End
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I prefer Alan Rickman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sense and Sensibility

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Army of Darkness, Easy Rider, Trading Places, Die Hard, Ghost in the Shell, and Contact are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Paris, France movie.	The 400 Blows
2 Who is that directed by?	François Truffaut
3 I like Baz Luhrmann movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moulin Rouge!

1 Happy Gilmore, Independence Day, Matilda, The Rock, Twister, Broken Arrow, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Multiplicity
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I prefer Francis Veber movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Closet

1 Phenomenon, Mrs. Doubtfire, Clueless, Ghost, The Rock, Cliffhanger, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Rudy
2 What else is that about?	sports, football, Sean Astin, David Anspaugh
3 I prefer Rick Moranis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Little Giants

1 I really like Raiders of the Lost Ark, Swimming with Sharks, Live Free or Die Hard, Dracula, Real Genius, The Dark Knight, and Event Horizon. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Resurrecting the Champ
2 Who does that star?	Samuel L. Jackson, Josh Hartnett
3 I prefer Kathy Bates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angus

1 I really liked Strangers on a Train, There Will Be Blood, The Sting, The Princess Bride, Full Metal Jacket, Reservoir Dogs, and Magnolia. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Blue Valentine
2 Who is that directed by?	Derek Cianfrance
3 I rate Elia Kazan movies. Any other suggestions?	Pinky

1 Bad Lieutenant, Amélie, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Trainspotting, This Is England, The Wackness, and Repo Man are movies I love. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Permanent Vacation
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch

1 A Close Shave, A Grand Day Out, Away We Go, Brazil, Babette's Feast, Shrek, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Junebug
2 What else is that about?	r, Amy Adams
3 I like Todd Field movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Children

1 I liked Talk to Her, Henry V, L.A. Confidential, The Sweet Hereafter, Election, The Return of Martin Guerre, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Gosford Park
2 What else is that about?	murder, r, ensemble cast, Clive Owen, Helen Mirren, Robert Altman, altman
3 I prefer Mystery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid

1 I really like It's a Wonderful Life, Dead Man Walking, The African Queen, Bull Durham, Ulee's Gold, Afterglow, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Guinevere
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Rea, Sarah Polley, Gina Gershon, Jean Smart
3 I prefer Nick Stahl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sunset Strip

1 Disclosure, Little Women, Les Misérables, Ghost, Sabrina, Stargate, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Family
2 Who does that star?	Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer Freddy Reynolds movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith

1 Fried Green Tomatoes, Scream, Misery, American Beauty, Cocoon, Witness, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Brad Anderson movie.	Next Stop Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	Brad Anderson
3 I rate Asylum movies. Any other suggestions?	Session 9

1 I like Y Tu Mamá También, Midnight Cowboy, Passion Fish, Rushmore, Being John Malkovich, Manhattan, and Stardust Memories. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bread and Tulips
2 Who does that star?	Bruno Ganz, Licia Maglietta
3 I prefer David Arquette movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eight Legged Freaks

1 I really liked Equilibrium, Blue Velvet, Pi, The Game, The Green Mile, 1408, and Her. I'm looking for a The End movie.	The Mist
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Darabont

1 Sin City, Army of Darkness, Akira, Galaxy Quest, Once Upon a Time in the West, Shaolin Soccer, and Lord of War are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Killer
2 What else is that about?	assassin, hong kong, John Woo, chow yun fat
3 I rate Jason Statham movies. Any other suggestions?	The One

1 Mulholland Drive, Amélie, Run Lola Run, Her, Dogville, The Piano, and Little Miss Sunshine are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Slumdog Millionaire
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle, Loveleen Tandan
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Invictus

1 The Wrong Trousers, Life Is Beautiful, When Harry Met Sally..., Babe, The Terminator, Apocalypse Now, and The Fugitive are films I love. I'm looking for an aardman movie.	A Close Shave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Short, own, animated, stop motion, aardman, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I rate dreamworks movies. Any other suggestions?	Chicken Run

1 While You Were Sleeping, The Fugitive, Independence Day, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Emma, The Paper, and The Nutty Professor are films I loved. I'm looking for a Winona Ryder movie.	Reality Bites
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Stiller
3 I rate Steven Brill movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Deeds

1 Chinatown, The City of Lost Children, A Christmas Story, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wrong Trousers, and Blade Runner are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Being John Malkovich
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Drama, original, John Cusack, John Malkovich, Cameron Diaz, Charlie Kaufman, Catherine Keener, Spike Jonze
3 I prefer jodorowsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Holy Mountain

1 I liked The Silence of the Lambs, Jurassic Park, Casablanca, True Lies, The Hunt for Red October, Shrek, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	The Dark Knight
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, story, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Batman, Heath Ledger, Christopher Nolan, Maggie Gyllenhaal, dc comics, editing, comics, Aaron Eckhart, imax, Joker, No
3 I like Angie Dickinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dressed to Kill

1 The Game, Groundhog Day, Dead Man Walking, Blade Runner, Good Will Hunting, Twister, and Heat are films I like. I'm looking for a River Phoenix movie.	Sneakers
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, Ben Kingsley, caper, Dan Aykroyd, Sidney Poitier, River Phoenix, David Strathairn, Mary McDonnell, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I like Sidney Lumet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Running on Empty

1 I like Mr. Holland's Opus, The Sound of Music, Hoop Dreams, Independence Day, Ghost, Phenomenon, and Pretty Woman. I'm looking for a Revenge movie.	The First Wives Club
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, women, Divorce, Goldie Hawn
3 I like Short movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quantum of Solace

1 I love Shaun of the Dead, The Matrix, There Will Be Blood, Monsters, Inc., Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, The Last Samurai, and Ravenous. I'm looking for a Harland Williams movie.	Half Baked
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stoner comedy, Harland Williams, Dave Chappelle
3 I prefer Angela Bassett movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meet the Robinsons

1 The Green Mile, Gladiator, Life Is Beautiful, and Moonstruck are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who does that star?	Estella Warren, Rhett Giles, Victor Parascos
3 I rate Walter Huston movies. Any other suggestions?	Gabriel Over the White House

1 I love North by Northwest, Rope, Double Indemnity, Stop Making Sense, Blade Runner, and Short Cuts. I'm looking for a hollywood movie.	The Player
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I rate Nicolas Winding Refn movies. Any other suggestions?	Drive

1 Forrest Gump, Philadelphia, Menace II Society, Crimson Tide, A Bronx Tale, Dances with Wolves, and Nixon are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I rate Selena Gomez movies. Any other suggestions?	Behaving Badly

1 Fantasia, The Princess Bride, Willow, Whale Rider, Good Will Hunting, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	The Red Balloon
2 What else is that about?	Paris
3 I like screenplay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Before Sunset

1 Man on Wire, Rushmore, Rain Man, The Big Lebowski, 12 Angry Men, The Lives of Others, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 Who does that star?	Gary Cooper
3 I prefer Greer Garson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sunrise at Campobello

1 Jurassic Park, Batman, Dear Frankie, Eastern Promises, A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints, Closer, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Mystic River
2 Who is that directed by?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Paul Verhoeven movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hollow Man

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, Cool Hand Luke, Psycho, Lost in Translation, Rushmore, A Christmas Story, and Traffic. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Mystic River
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mystery, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Laurence Fishburne, Laura Linney, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	Drowning Mona

1 Dead Poets Society, Life Is Beautiful, Amélie, City of God, The Prestige, The Shawshank Redemption, and American Beauty are films I like. I'm looking for a Cédric Klapisch movie.	Family Resemblances
2 Who does that star?	Catherine Frot, Agnès Jaoui
3 I like Renée Le Calm movies more. Do you know anything else?	When the Cat's Away

1 I liked Toy Story, Shakespeare in Love, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Men in Black, Clerks, and Eraser. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Broken Arrow
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I like Raquel Welch movies more. Do you know anything else?	100 Rifles

1 Bonnie and Clyde, The Marriage of Maria Braun, Breaker Morant, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing, Days of Heaven, Tampopo, and The Producers are films I love. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Camille
2 Who does that star?	James Franco, Sienna Miller

1 I really like Juno, Casablanca, Pan's Labyrinth, Reservoir Dogs, Gladiator, Office Space, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Princess Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I rate Byron Haskin movies. Any other suggestions?	Long John Silver

1 I like Forrest Gump, The Fugitive, Schindler's List, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer Robert Duvall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Falling Down

1 Sophie's Choice, Raging Bull, A Fish Called Wanda, Terms of Endearment, Gandhi, The Last Emperor, and On Golden Pond are movies I really like. I'm looking for a fake movie.	Wag the Dog
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black comedy, Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman, David Mamet, president, Election, Barry Levinson, fake

1 Clueless, While You Were Sleeping, Twister, Executive Decision, The Program, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Bad Company
2 What else is that about?	Thriller
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Prestige

1 The Straight Story, Bicycle Thieves, Stalag 17, The Guns of Navarone, The Pianist, Total Recall, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I liked. I'm looking for a Nicholas Hytner movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner
3 I rate school movies. Any other suggestions?	The History Boys

1 Superman, The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story, Alice in Wonderland, Gone with the Wind, Vertigo, and Driving Miss Daisy are movies I love. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Fantasia
2 Who does that star?	Leopold Stokowski, Deems Taylor
3 I rate Edward Asner movies. Any other suggestions?	Up

1 I watched the films Dave, Adam's Rib, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Flight of the Phoenix, The Full Monty, Forrest Gump, and The Odd Couple and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
2 What else is that about?	Sidney Poitier, Spencer Tracy, Stanley Kramer, interracial marriage
3 I prefer island movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Island in the Sun

1 I like Little Women, Babe, Apollo 13, Belle de Jour, Braveheart, Eat Drink Man Woman, and Ed Wood. I'm looking for a Nikita Mikhalkov movie.	Burnt by the Sun
2 What else is that about?	Russian, Nikita Mikhalkov

1 I liked As Good as It Gets, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, A Bug's Life, My Friend Flicka, The Horse's Mouth, Enchanted April, and Much Ado About Nothing. I'm looking for a political thriller movie.	Z
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, politics, Greek, political thriller
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Z

1 The Wrong Trousers, King Kong, Groundhog Day, Eat Drink Man Woman, Casablanca, Schindler's List, and The Crying Game are films I liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I rate Takeshi Kitano movies. Any other suggestions?	Battle Royale

1 Fight Club, Memento, The Godfather, American Beauty, Donnie Darko, Scarface, and The Talented Mr. Ripley are films I really like. I'm looking for an erotic movie.	Eyes Wide Shut
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, new york city, Stanley Kubrick, erotic, sexual, Mask, orgy
3 I prefer Liam Neeson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chloe

1 The Crow, Heat, Judge Dredd, Jurassic Park, First Knight, Clear and Present Danger, and True Romance are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Last Action Hero
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I like Melville Shavelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	A New Kind of Love

1 I really liked Notting Hill, Midnight Cowboy, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Annie Hall, Bonnie and Clyde, and Crimes and Misdemeanors. I'm looking for a Barbara Hershey movie.	Hoosiers
2 What else is that about?	sports, Gene Hackman, basketball, Dennis Hopper, Barbara Hershey, indiana, David Anspaugh
3 I like Ed Harris movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Right Stuff

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Stand by Me, The Silence of the Lambs, Misery, American Beauty, Reservoir Dogs, and The Shining are movies I love. I'm looking for a gangs movie.	Gangs of New York
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jim Broadbent
3 I prefer Virginia Mayo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	White Heat

1 I loved The Usual Suspects, M, The Wrong Trousers, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, The Godfather, Citizen Kane, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould
2 What else is that about?	Music, piano
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rhinestone

1 Young Frankenstein, The Terminator, You Can't Take It With You, The African Queen, Top Hat, A Fish Called Wanda, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Mark of Zorro
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, swashbuckler, Rouben Mamoulian
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Seventh Cross

1 I liked Toy Story, Stand by Me, The Breakfast Club, Heat, High Fidelity, The Shining, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Rutger Hauer movie.	Blade Runner
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Young, Rutger Hauer, Edward James Olmos
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nighthawks

1 Vanilla Sky, Blade Runner, No Country for Old Men, Being John Malkovich, SLC Punk!, The Man Who Fell to Earth, and The Seventh Seal are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Defending Your Life
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, afterlife, Albert Brooks
3 I like Michael Ritchie movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Scout

1 Joe Versus the Volcano, Pete's Dragon, Mulholland Drive, What About Bob?, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, American Pie 2, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chocolat
2 What else is that about?	French, france, own, Judi Dench, Juliette Binoche, Chocolate, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate studio ghibli movies. Any other suggestions?	Grave of the Fireflies

1 I loved Fried Green Tomatoes, Saving Private Ryan, The Godfather, Groundhog Day, Goodfellas, Pretty Woman, and Hoosiers. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	Anna and the King
2 Who is that directed by?	Andy Tennant
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 I really like The Maltese Falcon, The Crying Game, Moonstruck, Harold and Maude, A Fish Called Wanda, Cinema Paradiso, and Notorious. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Picture of Dorian Gray

1 I really liked Peter Pan, Stand by Me, Adventures in Babysitting, Big, Face/Off, Sixteen Candles, and Pretty in Pink. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Can't Buy Me Love
2 What else is that about?	High School, beatles, Patrick Dempsey, Steve Rash
3 I rate baby movies. Any other suggestions?	Baby Boom

1 Shrek, Much Ado About Nothing, Rocky, The Usual Suspects, Vertigo, The Wild Bunch, and Caddyshack are movies I liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Awful Truth
2 Who is that directed by?	Leo McCarey
3 I prefer Otto Preminger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carmen Jones

1 I like Twister, Independence Day, Pan's Labyrinth, Beauty and the Beast, Titanic, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Rosemary's Baby. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Men in Black
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, sequel, Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I prefer John G. Avildsen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Karate Kid, Part III

1 I really like Grumpier Old Men, Nick of Time, Tombstone, The Three Musketeers, Blink, Rob Roy, and The Piano. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Bad Girls
2 Who does that star?	Drew Barrymore, Andie MacDowell, Madeleine Stowe, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I rate Leslie Nielsen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sheepman

1 I loved The Fugitive, L.A. Confidential, Les Misérables, The Silence of the Lambs, Dolores Claiborne, Somewhere in Time, and Just Cause. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gaslight
2 Who is that directed by?	Thorold Dickinson
3 I prefer Raoul Walsh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	White Heat

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, Bull Durham, A Few Good Men, Fargo, Dances with Wolves, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Scent of a Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I like Keith Bearden movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet Monica Velour

1 Moscow on the Hudson, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Psycho, Magnum Force, Dial M for Murder, and The Taking of Pelham One Two Three are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	King Solomon's Mines
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shop on Main Street

1 Amélie and Whale Rider are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Triplets of Belleville
2 What else is that about?	Animation, mafia, French, rescue, tour de france, Sylvain Chomet
3 I prefer bugs bunny movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Space Jam

1 The Dark Knight Rises, Space Jam, Rocky, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Bourne Identity, The Avengers, and Angels in the Outfield are films I really liked. I'm looking for a marvel movie.	Thor
2 Who does that star?	Natalie Portman, Anthony Hopkins, Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston
3 I like James Franco movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spider-Man 2

1 Beautiful Thing, Fargo, Raising Arizona, Local Hero, Bringing Up Baby, Reservoir Dogs, and Fight Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hal Hartley movie.	Trust
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Hartley

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Usual Suspects, Mr. Nobody, Rosemary's Baby, Requiem for a Dream, and The Birds. I'm looking for a Vittorio De Sica movie.	Bicycle Thieves
2 Who does that star?	Enzo Staiola, Lamberto Maggiorani
3 I like Carlo Battisti movies more. Do you know anything else?	Umberto D.

1 I really like Contact, Chicken Run, Vertigo, The Manchurian Candidate, Full Metal Jacket, Forrest Gump, and Primary Colors. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Bringing Up Baby
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, screwball comedy, Cary Grant, Howard Hawks, screwball, Katharine Hepburn
3 I rate Robert Clouse movies. Any other suggestions?	Enter the Dragon

1 Strange Days, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Evil Dead II, The African Queen, The Crow, Ghost in the Shell, and The Iron Giant are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Edward Burns
3 I prefer Eli Roth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Inglourious Basterds

1 Brazil, Unforgiven, Fargo, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Ran, The Unforgiven, and Bicycle Thieves are movies I loved. I'm looking for a tony leung movie.	In the Mood for Love
2 What else is that about?	Love, hong kong, Chinese, tony leung, Maggie Cheung
3 I prefer John Woo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hard Boiled

1 I liked Hero, American History X, Requiem for a Dream, Saving Private Ryan, Run Lola Run, The Jacket, and The Virgin Suicides. I'm looking for a Mark Ruffalo movie.	My Life Without Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Isabel Coixet
3 I like Rian Johnson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Brothers Bloom

1 I love Howl's Moving Castle, A Very Potter Musical, Spirited Away, Inglourious Basterds, The Italian, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Becoming Jane. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Summer Wars
2 Who is that directed by?	Mamoru Hosoda
3 I prefer Nick Park movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Close Shave

1 I really like Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Romeo and Juliet, Vertigo, The Usual Suspects, Fargo, Chinatown, and The Endless Summer. I'm looking for a Brad Pitt movie.	True Romance
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette
3 I like Brian Cox movies more. Do you know anything else?	Troy

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Reservoir Dogs, Persona, Primer, Naked Lunch, Irma la Douce, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Bernard Rose movie.	Paperhouse
2 Who does that star?	Glenne Headly
3 I prefer Virginia Madsen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Candyman

1 City of God, The Shawshank Redemption, Atonement, My Neighbor Totoro, Black Swan, Pollock, and The King's Speech are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Love Songs
2 What else is that about?	Christophe Honoré, Louis Garrel
3 I prefer Robert Z. Leonard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Maytime

1 Reservoir Dogs, Six Degrees of Separation, Bananas, Repo Man, The Big Lebowski, My Own Private Idaho, and Around the World in Eighty Days are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Radio Days
2 What else is that about?	Music, Woody Allen, Radio
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Dreamz

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, Serenity, The Matrix, Fight Club, Schindler's List, The Hunt for Red October, and Saving Private Ryan and loved them. I'm looking for a Vulgar movie.	The Hangover
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Police, story, plot, script, las vegas, Zach Galifianakis, Bradley Cooper, Heather Graham, Vulgar, Ken Jeong, Todd Phillips, Ed Helms, Justin Bartha, Bachelor Party, tiger, hangover

1 I loved Black Swan, Interstellar, A Clockwork Orange, Kids, Sin City, One Hour Photo, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Changeling
2 What else is that about?	Peter Medak
3 I like John Landis movies more. Do you know anything else?	An American Werewolf in London

1 A Christmas Story, Blade Runner, Enemy at the Gates, Heat, Highlander, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	The Name of the Rose
2 What else is that about?	Sean Connery, medieval, book, Christian Slater, eco, Umberto Eco
3 I rate Elisha Cuthbert movies. Any other suggestions?	He Was a Quiet Man

1 Sense and Sensibility, The Dark Knight, The Sixth Sense, Love Actually, Somewhere in Time, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Les Misérables are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Donald Sutherland movie.	Cold Mountain
2 Who does that star?	Nicole Kidman, Jude Law, Renée Zellweger
3 I prefer Donald Sutherland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Assignment

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Hoop Dreams, Fargo, The Big Lebowski, The Usual Suspects, The Godfather, and Hoosiers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	The Green Mile
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Darabont
3 I like Penny Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	A League of Their Own

1 Blade Runner, Batman Begins, Conspiracy Theory, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Gladiator, Blow, and Gladiator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Sphere
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson

1 Get Shorty, Vertigo, Hamlet, The Big Sleep, Hope and Glory, The Limey, and The Manchurian Candidate are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Time Bandits
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Sean Connery, imagination, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, time, gilliam, Shelley Duvall, Ralph Richardson
3 I like Adventure movies more. Do you know anything else?	Labyrinth

1 I really like Mary Poppins, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, JFK, When Harry Met Sally..., Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an interracial marriage movie.	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
2 Who does that star?	Katharine Hepburn, Sidney Poitier, Spencer Tracy, Katharine Houghton

1 I love Pretty Woman, Jurassic Park, The Client, Ransom, The Lion King, The Italian Job, and My Big Fat Greek Wedding. I'm looking for a Chris Columbus movie.	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Chris Columbus, potter
3 I prefer Robin Williams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bicentennial Man

1 Dune, Starship Troopers, Blade, Army of Darkness, The Fifth Element, The Sixth Sense, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Equilibrium
2 Who is that directed by?	Kurt Wimmer
3 I rate Doug Liman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Identity

1 Sleeper, The Fisher King, Good Will Hunting, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, A Christmas Story, The French Connection, and The Sting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 Who does that star?	Tim Robbins, Danny Aiello, Elizabeth Peña
3 I prefer Shea Whigham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Splinter

1 City of God, City Lights, Citizen Kane, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Modern Times
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, national film registry, charlie chaplin, great depression, Chaplin, Paulette Goddard
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Haunted House

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Blob, Stuart Little, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, A Hard Day's Night, Planet of the Apes, and The 'Burbs are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Rescuers
2 What else is that about?	disney, mouse, mice, Bob Newhart, Eva Gabor
3 I prefer spielberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hook

1 I really liked The Bridges of Madison County, Species, A League of Their Own, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Das Boot, The Mask of Zorro, and Casper. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	2 Days in New York
2 Who does that star?	Julie Delpy
3 I prefer Kathy Bates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fried Green Tomatoes

1 I like The Dreamers, Andrei Rublev, 8½, American Beauty, The Lord of the Rings, The Kids Are All Right, and Ken Park. I'm looking for a Bernardo Bertolucci movie.	Last Tango in Paris
2 What else is that about?	Paris, sex, erotic, Marlon Brando, Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I like John Malkovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sheltering Sky

1 The Candidate, The Rules of the Game, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, Farewell My Concubine, Hannah and Her Sisters, Goldfinger, and Miracle on 34th Street are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Manhunter
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Crime Story

1 I liked Batman Returns, Plan 9 from Outer Space, Sneakers, Aliens, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Alien, and Dogma. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Life Less Ordinary
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I prefer Norman Jewison movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Thrill of It All

1 The Last Temptation of Christ, The Sound of Music, Driving Miss Daisy, Stand by Me, Splash, Good Morning, Vietnam, and Field of Dreams are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ted Demme movie.	The Ref
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Kevin Spacey, Denis Leary, Ted Demme
3 I like cocaine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blow

1 The Princess Bride and Zombieland are films I love. I'm looking for a Joss Whedon movie.	Serenity
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I rate Drew Goddard movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cabin in the Woods

1 Hero, The Princess Bride, The Others, The Fifth Element, Anna and the King, The Matrix, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Jake Gyllenhaal movie.	The Day After Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Dennis Quaid, Roland Emmerich, weather
3 I like John C. Reilly movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Good Girl

1 The Fugitive, Exotica, The Lion King, Boys on the Side, Toy Story, The Rock, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hot Shots! Part Deux
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, sequel, Charlie Sheen, Jim Abrahams
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hudson Hawk

1 Amélie, Children of Men, The Illusionist, Memento, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Reservoir Dogs, and The Green Mile are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Fish
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Tim Burton, story, death, Storytelling, Ewan McGregor, Helena Bonham Carter, Life, fish, Albert Finney, alabama, Jessica Lange
3 I like erotic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fifty Shades of Grey

1 I really liked Citizen Kane, The Thin Blue Line, Aparajito, Rebecca, Chinatown, How Green Was My Valley, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for a Claude Chabrol movie.	La Cérémonie
2 What else is that about?	Claude Chabrol
3 I rate abortion movies. Any other suggestions?	Story of Women

1 As Good as It Gets, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Titanic, Groundhog Day, Ghost, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Game
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Michael Douglas
3 I rate Aaron Kwok movies. Any other suggestions?	The Detective

1 Ratatouille, Gone Girl, American Beauty, Blade Runner, American History X, Finding Nemo, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Calvary
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Gleeson, Chris O'Dowd, Kelly Reilly, Aidan Gillen
3 I like Forest Whitaker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Light It Up

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Fargo, The Silence of the Lambs, Bringing Up Baby, The Crucible, Schindler's List, and Tom Jones are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	M. Butterfly
2 What else is that about?	Broadway
3 I prefer gay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stonewall

1 True Lies, The Matrix, Grosse Pointe Blank, Gladiator, The Negotiator, Office Space, and Pulp Fiction are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I rate Jason Statham movies. Any other suggestions?	Turn It Up

1 The Blues Brothers, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki
3 I rate Anthony Hopkins movies. Any other suggestions?	Slipstream

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, The Deer Hunter, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sting, Rocky, and Raging Bull. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dear Frankie
2 What else is that about?	Gerard Butler, Emily Mortimer
3 I rate Rainer Werner Fassbinder movies. Any other suggestions?	Martha

1 Frida, North by Northwest, Citizen Kane, Stardust, The Silence of the Lambs, The Basketball Diaries, and Natural Born Killers are movies I love. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	In My Father's Den
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Macfadyen, Emily Barclay
3 I rate Dana Delany movies. Any other suggestions?	Fly Away Home

1 I love The Godfather, Die Hard, Unforgiven, 101 Dalmatians, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Batman, and The Rock. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Evening Star
2 Who does that star?	Bill Paxton, Juliette Lewis, Miranda Richardson, Shirley MacLaine

1 Apollo 13, American History X, Cinema Paradiso, Microcosmos, Raise the Red Lantern, A Christmas Story, and Jean de Florette are films I like. I'm looking for a Martin Scorsese movie.	Kundun
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, tibet, dalai lama
3 I rate The Band movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Waltz

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Clockwork Orange, Back to the Future, Evil Dead II, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Thing
2 Who does that star?	Joel Edgerton, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Eric Christian Olsen, Ulrich Thomsen
3 I like Samantha Mumba movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boy Eats Girl

1 Jules and Jim, A Streetcar Named Desire, Shakespeare in Love, The Apartment, His Girl Friday, Beat the Devil, and Midnight Cowboy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Brighton Beach Memoirs
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Neil Simon
3 I like funny movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jennifer's Body

1 Amélie, Forrest Gump, Tokyo Godfathers, Finding Nemo, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Ratatouille, and Grave of the Fireflies are movies I like. I'm looking for a Marjane Satrapi movie.	Persepolis
2 What else is that about?	War, French, Revolution, iran, autobiographical, Marjane Satrapi

1 Empire Records, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Sin City, The Producers, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Crash, and The Breakfast Club are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The United States of Leland
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I like Henry Hathaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shepherd of the Hills

1 Philadelphia, Friday, Babe, A Time to Kill, Ghost, The Firm, and Sleepless in Seattle are films I like. I'm looking for a lions movie.	The Lion King
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, James Earl Jones, Jonathan Taylor Thomas
3 I like Michael Douglas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ghost and the Darkness

1 Braveheart, Taxi Driver, Dances with Wolves, Goodfellas, Chinatown, Arlington Road, and The Usual Suspects are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Gung Ho
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe
3 I prefer Tony Danza movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angels in the Outfield

1 You've Got Mail, Rain Man, The Graduate, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, A Beautiful Mind, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Catch Me If You Can are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Defending Your Life
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, afterlife, Albert Brooks
3 I like Walter Huston movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Devil and Daniel Webster

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, The Matrix, Spirited Away, The Prestige, A History of Violence, The Departed, and Memento and loved them. I'm looking for a Bill Melendez movie.	A Charlie Brown Christmas
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, christmas, animated, Bill Melendez
3 I prefer classic movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown

1 I watched the films The Graduate, Toy Story, A Fish Called Wanda, Liar Liar, Nixon, Citizen Kane, and The Godfather and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Terminator
2 What else is that about?	Action, future, assassin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn
3 I like Philip K. Dick movies more. Do you know anything else?	Next

1 I like Memento, Trainspotting, The Dark Knight, Superbad, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Fight Club, and Juno. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High Fidelity
2 Who does that star?	John Cusack, Iben Hjejle
3 I rate Galatea Ranzi movies. Any other suggestions?	Fiorile

1 Fight Club, Volver, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Third Man, Stand by Me, The Silence of the Lambs, and Boogie Nights are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Capote
2 What else is that about?	r, Philip Seymour Hoffman, biographical, writing, Truman Capote, Bennett Miller, biography?
3 I prefer Tim Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ed Wood

1 Gladiator, The Omen, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Forrest Gump, Blazing Saddles, and True Grit are films I loved. I'm looking for a video game movie.	The Last Starfighter
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Castle
3 I like Steven E. de Souza movies more. Do you know anything else?	Street Fighter

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, A Room with a View, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Amélie, Some Like It Hot, Gaslight, and Young Frankenstein are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Thin Man
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mystery, detective, W.S. Van Dyke, William Powell, Myrna Loy, nick and nora charles, Dashiell Hammett
3 I rate Steve Carr movies. Any other suggestions?	Dr. Dolittle 2

1 Toy Story, Run Lola Run, The Shawshank Redemption, Waiting for Guffman, Mulholland Drive, Ghost World, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really like. I'm looking for a Glenn Close movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I like r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heights

1 Message in a Bottle, Never Been Kissed, Father of the Bride Part II, Before Sunset, Little Women, You've Got Mail, and Miracle on 34th Street are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Bachelor
2 Who is that directed by?	Gary Sinyor
3 I like Stan Dragoti movies more. Do you know anything else?	Necessary Roughness

1 Unforgiven, Talk Radio, Beetlejuice, The Game, A Clockwork Orange, American History X, and Marathon Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Smokey and the Bandit
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cheap Detective

1 I watched the films Absolute Power, The Silence of the Lambs, Poltergeist, No Way Out, Clear and Present Danger, The Hunt for Red October, and Psycho and loved them. I'm looking for a nazis movie.	The Odessa File
2 Who does that star?	Jon Voight
3 I prefer Jake Busey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nazis at the Center of the Earth

1 I really like Jules and Jim, A Hard Day's Night, Taxi Driver, One False Move, Singin' in the Rain, Faces, and Chinatown. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bull Durham
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Shelton
3 I rate John Waters movies. Any other suggestions?	Serial Mom

1 I loved Schindler's List, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Finding Neverland, Chocolat, Chocolat, Defiance, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	I Am Sam
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dakota Fanning, Dianne Wiest
3 I rate Ralph Macchio movies. Any other suggestions?	Teachers

1 I like Bonnie and Clyde, Henry V, On the Waterfront, Lethal Weapon, The Long Walk Home, The 6th Day, and 10 Things I Hate About You. I'm looking for a Joe Strummer movie.	Mystery Train
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch

1 The Man from Earth, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Rocky, Cannibal Holocaust, The Da Vinci Code, Hearts in Atlantis, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Unknown Soldier
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I like Genocide movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hotel Rwanda

1 Pulp Fiction, The Italian Job, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Death Proof, Happy Gilmore, 127 Hours, and Trainspotting are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Rite
2 Who is that directed by?	Mikael Håfström
3 I rate John Dahl movies. Any other suggestions?	Joy Ride

1 Gladiator, F/X, The French Connection, From Russia with Love, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Dances with Wolves, and The Wild Bunch are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Superman
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, superhero, comic book, franchise, super-hero, Gene Hackman, superheroes, Marlon Brando, dc comics, comics, Superman, comic books, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Donner, Ned Beatty, Glenn Ford
3 I prefer Nicolas Cage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drive Angry

1 Circle of Friends, Peter Pan, Dead Man Walking, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, The Shawshank Redemption, Little Shop of Horrors, and Pleasantville are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I like Rosie O'Donnell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Now and Then

1 I really like Saving Private Ryan, Hamlet, To Kill a Mockingbird, Sling Blade, Much Ado About Nothing, and Henry V. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The War
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Avnet
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Color Purple

1 I loved The English Patient, Sophie's Choice, Life Is Beautiful, Blade Runner, A Clockwork Orange, Unbreakable, and Diva. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Drugstore Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Gus Van Sant, Heather Graham
3 I like Walter Salles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Midnight

1 Real Genius, Aliens, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sneakers, Pulp Fiction, Independence Day, and Demolition Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Ray Liotta movie.	No Escape
2 What else is that about?	Prison, Ray Liotta, Stuart Wilson
3 I prefer Chris Pine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Smokin' Aces

1 Citizen Kane, To Kill a Mockingbird, MASH, Crimson Tide, M, Chinatown, and In the Bedroom are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	And Then There Were None
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Agatha Christie, René Clair
3 I rate Giuseppe Tornatore movies. Any other suggestions?	The Unknown Woman

1 I really like Apollo 13, The Blair Witch Project, Grumpy Old Men, Toy Story, American Beauty, The Silence of the Lambs, and My Cousin Vinny. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Prince of Tides
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Nick Nolte
3 I like sequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aparajito

1 Die Hard, Speed, The Sixth Sense, The Ghost and the Darkness, Big Daddy, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Cliffhanger are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Double Jeopardy
2 What else is that about?	r, Tommy Lee Jones, Ashley Judd, Bruce Beresford
3 I prefer Johnny Knoxville movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Men in Black II

1 The Fugitive, Apollo 13, and Quiz Show are films I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Aladdin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I rate Wilfred Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	Pinocchio

1 The Godfather, The Vanishing, The Wild Child, Memento, The Princess Bride, The Searchers, and It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Poison Ivy
2 Who is that directed by?	Katt Shea
3 I like Stefan Ruzowitzky movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Counterfeiters

1 Amélie, Forrest Gump, Monster's Ball, Cast Away, A Beautiful Mind, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and About Schmidt are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Man from Elysian Fields
2 What else is that about?	Andy Garcia, James Coburn, Olivia Williams, Mick Jagger, George Hickenlooper
3 I prefer Tom Shadyac movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Patch Adams

1 The Princess Bride, The Green Mile, Pan's Labyrinth, Beauty and the Beast, The Fifth Element, Hot Fuzz, and Shaun of the Dead are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a space movie.	Serenity
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Western, Joss Whedon, firefly, space western
3 I rate franchise movies. Any other suggestions?	Star Trek

1 Shadowlands, Pulp Fiction, Annie Hall, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Life Is Beautiful, and Malcolm X are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a teenagers movie.	Kids
2 Who does that star?	Justin Pierce, Leo Fitzpatrick
3 I like Noel Clarke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kidulthood

1 Gangs of New York, Goodfellas, Me and You and Everyone We Know, Being John Malkovich, Superbad, Revolutionary Road, and The Departed are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Deconstructing Harry
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Paul Mazursky movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scenes from a Mall

1 I love The Philadelphia Story, Shakespeare in Love, What Women Want, The Lady Vanishes, Animal House, Shampoo, and Local Hero. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Born Yesterday
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Mandoki
3 I prefer Brad Silberling movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	City of Angels

1 Manhattan, Diva, Toy Story, American Beauty, Singin' in the Rain, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Hugh Grant movie.	Maurice
2 Who is that directed by?	James Ivory
3 I like Kelly Makin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mickey Blue Eyes

1 I love Executive Decision, Heat, Nell, The Firm, Broken Arrow, Pretty Woman, and Speed. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Free Willy
2 What else is that about?	Family
3 I like mexico movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heli

1 Taxi Driver, Stand by Me, The Fugitive, The Wizard of Oz, The Sting, Get Shorty, and The English Patient are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fried Green Tomatoes
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Avnet
3 I prefer Jim Kohlberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Music Never Stopped

1 Ben-Hur, Das Boot, Mulan, Goldfinger, Paths of Glory, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I prefer franchise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Final Destination 3

1 Beauty and the Beast, Farewell My Concubine, Gone with the Wind, Amélie, Wild Strawberries, Trainspotting, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	The Last Emperor
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole, John Lone, Joan Chen, Ruocheng Ying
3 I rate Chi Cao movies. Any other suggestions?	Mao's Last Dancer

1 Pulp Fiction, The Terminator, The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, The Fugitive, National Lampoon's Vacation, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, John Goodman, John Turturro, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I prefer Bill Thompson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Peter Pan

1 A Close Shave, The Spanish Prisoner, Blade Runner, Being There, The Exorcist, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Man Facing Southeast
2 Who does that star?	Lorenzo Quinteros, Hugo Soto
3 I rate Elizabeth McGovern movies. Any other suggestions?	Cheerful Weather for the Wedding

1 I loved Apollo 13, The Firm, The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Rob Roy, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I rate Brian Helgeland movies. Any other suggestions?	A Knight's Tale

1 His Girl Friday, You Can Count on Me, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Grapes of Wrath, Harold and Maude, Mrs. Miniver, and Miller's Crossing are movies I like. I'm looking for a film noir movie.	The Big Sleep
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I rate Akira Kurosawa movies. Any other suggestions?	Stray Dog

1 Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Natural Born Killers, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, and Taxi Driver are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Casino movie.	Casino
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, las vegas, Casino, Sharon Stone, mob, Joe Pesci, vegas
3 I prefer Dean Martin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ocean's 11

1 I really liked The Three Musketeers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future, Ghostbusters, The Wrong Trousers, Aladdin, and Anastasia. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, Adventure, Music, Musical, Jennifer Connelly, David Bowie, puppets, Jim Henson, Maze, quest
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Labyrinth

1 Apollo 13, Aladdin, Quiz Show, A Little Princess, First Knight, Clear and Present Danger, and The Client are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who does that star?	Dylan McDermott, Richard Attenborough, Elizabeth Perkins
3 I rate Rutger Hauer movies. Any other suggestions?	Ladyhawke

1 The Piano, Smoke, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, Trainspotting, Reservoir Dogs, and Clerks are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Secret of Roan Inish
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles
3 I prefer Norman Tokar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit

1 Oldboy, The Godfather, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Ghost in the Shell, Caddyshack, Spirited Away, and Blow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Animal House
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, national film registry, College, Kevin Bacon, national lampoon, fraternity, John Landis, John Belushi
3 I prefer Documentary movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dont Look Back

1 I really liked Memento, Spirited Away, Dangerous Liaisons, Back to the Future, Moonstruck, My Neighbor Totoro, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a story movie.	The NeverEnding Story
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, story, Wolfgang Petersen, quest
3 I rate Sam Worthington movies. Any other suggestions?	Clash of the Titans

1 Psycho, The Silence of the Lambs, Buena Vista Social Club, Pulp Fiction, Ran, All the King's Men, and The Last Emperor are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, politics, national film registry, political, James Stewart, Frank Capra, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur
3 I like Tyler Perry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Madea Goes to Jail

1 I really like Finding Nemo, Lost in Translation, Lars and the Real Girl, Ocean's Eleven, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Braveheart, and Wonder Boys. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Broken English
2 Who does that star?	Marton Csokas, Julian Arahanga
3 I rate Mark Wahlberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Perfect Storm

1 I really like Die Hard 2, Lethal Weapon 4, A Time to Kill, Liar Liar, Tomorrow Never Dies, U.S. Marshals, and GoldenEye. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels

1 La Dolce Vita, Young Frankenstein, A Clockwork Orange, Chinatown, Rear Window, Fargo, and Gilda are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mike Nichols, stage, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Burton
3 I prefer Rainer Werner Fassbinder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lili Marleen

1 The Killing Fields, Stand by Me, Dead Poets Society, Gandhi, Stand and Deliver, Howards End, and Sling Blade are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Color Purple
2 Who does that star?	Danny Glover, Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, Margaret Avery
3 I like Daniel Radcliffe movies more. Do you know anything else?	December Boys

1 I really like Back to the Future, Back to the Future Part II, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Back to the Future Part III, Cinderella, Gladiator, and Requiem for a Dream. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Escape from the Planet of the Apes
2 Who does that star?	Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman

1 There's Something About Mary, Almost Famous, The Last Emperor, The Man Who Would Be King, Contact, The Pianist, and The Abyss are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I prefer Sandra Bullock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Premonition

1 Highlander, Braveheart, Saving Private Ryan, Midnight Run, Alien, Eat Drink Man Woman, and The Godfather are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mark Wahlberg movie.	The Corruptor
2 Who does that star?	Mark Wahlberg
3 I rate Leonardo DiCaprio movies. Any other suggestions?	The Basketball Diaries

1 The Silence of the Lambs, A Room with a View, The Full Monty, My Life as a Dog, Jean de Florette, 10 Things I Hate About You, and The Muppet Christmas Carol are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Yellow Submarine
2 What else is that about?	Animation, beatles, The Beatles
3 I rate christmas movies. Any other suggestions?	Jack Frost

1 The Usual Suspects, Army of Darkness, To Kill a Mockingbird, Unforgiven, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Fargo are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, suspense, murder, national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Looper

1 True Romance, Clueless, Death and the Maiden, Clerks, The Fugitive, Pulp Fiction, and The Quick and the Dead are films I love. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I like Tim McGraw movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blind Side

1 There's Something About Mary, Pulp Fiction, Sling Blade, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, A Few Good Men, and Forrest Gump are films I really like. I'm looking for an English movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I like Julianne Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	The English Teacher

1 Man on Wire, The Hurt Locker, Office Space, The Fighter, Midnight in Paris, The Graduate, and Slumdog Millionaire are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Knocked Up
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I prefer Lloyd Kaufman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Toxic Avenger Part II

1 Ordinary People, Face/Off, Run Lola Run, Being John Malkovich, A Few Good Men, Once Were Warriors, and Top Gun are movies I like. I'm looking for a Paul Verhoeven movie.	Total Recall
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Philip K. Dick, arnold, Paul Verhoeven, Sharon Stone, jerry goldsmith
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hollow Man

1 The Hunt for Red October, The City of Lost Children, As Good as It Gets, The Outsiders, Nell, Casablanca, and The Dead Zone are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Hughes movie.	Weird Science
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, John Hughes, Anthony Michael Hall, Kelly LeBrock
3 I like Steve Carell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Curly Sue

1 I like The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Pulp Fiction, Boys on the Side, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, Romeo Is Bleeding, and Batman. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Desperado
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Robert Rodriguez, mexico, Antonio Banderas
3 I rate Texas movies. Any other suggestions?	Texasville

1 North by Northwest, Don Juan DeMarco, Before Sunrise, The Usual Suspects, Moonstruck, A River Runs Through It, and Caddyshack are films I liked. I'm looking for a Spencer Tracy movie.	Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
2 What else is that about?	Sidney Poitier, Spencer Tracy, Stanley Kramer, interracial marriage
3 I prefer Mervyn LeRoy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo

1 Casablanca, Leaving Las Vegas, American Beauty, Schindler's List, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Das Boot, and Rain Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I prefer Helen Hunt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Then She Found Me

1 Cool Hand Luke, The Big Chill, Apollo 13, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, Sling Blade, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Aliens movie.	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Stephen Herek movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Critters

1 Ben-Hur, Aladdin, Lethal Weapon, The Sixth Sense, The Goonies, The Birds, and My Best Friend's Wedding are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Cloris Leachman movie.	Young Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, national film registry, spoof, Mel Brooks, Gene Wilder, Frankenstein, Madeline Kahn, Peter Boyle, Marty Feldman, Cloris Leachman, Teri Garr
3 I like Peter Bogdanovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Picture Show

1 I watched the films Cast Away, The Dark Knight Rises, Fight Club, Wedding Crashers, American Psycho, Pan's Labyrinth, and The Departed and loved them. I'm looking for an iraq war movie.	The Hurt Locker
2 What else is that about?	War, r, military, iraq war, iraq, Jeremy Renner, Kathryn Bigelow, Anthony Mackie
3 I rate Tommy Lee Jones movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Valley of Elah

1 Shanghai Noon, The Mummy, Serenity, A Christmas Story, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Back to the Future Part II, and Jurassic Park are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The A-Team
2 What else is that about?	Action, Liam Neeson, cia, Bradley Cooper, Jessica Biel, Sharlto Copley
3 I rate story movies. Any other suggestions?	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow

1 I really like A Close Shave, Chinatown, Evil Dead II, Wag the Dog, Drunken Master, Smoke, and Double Indemnity. I'm looking for a Gabriel Byrne movie.	Miller's Crossing
2 What else is that about?	coen brothers, John Turturro, great, Gabriel Byrne
3 I like Peter Hyams movies more. Do you know anything else?	End of Days

1 I loved Fargo, Clear and Present Danger, The Shawshank Redemption, Shine, Braveheart, Babe, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a disease movie.	Outbreak
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo
3 I rate Gwyneth Paltrow movies. Any other suggestions?	Contagion

1 The Killing, Sweet Smell of Success, Frankenstein, Spellbound, Apocalypse Now, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, and Paths of Glory are films I really like. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	Red River
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne, Montgomery Clift, Walter Brennan, Joanne Dru
3 I prefer Katharine Hepburn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rooster Cogburn

1 Wag the Dog, Minority Report, Die Hard 2, True Lies, The Original Kings of Comedy, L.I.E., and Joy Ride are movies I love. I'm looking for an Ian McKellen movie.	Richard III
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, robert downey jr, Ian McKellen
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ballad of Little Jo

1 Trainspotting and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Shine
2 Who is that directed by?	Scott Hicks
3 I like Yves Allégret movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Proud and the Beautiful

1 I like Seven Samurai, A Clockwork Orange, Harold and Maude, Rain Man, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Field of Dreams, and Fletch. I'm looking for a Russian movie.	Burnt by the Sun
2 What else is that about?	Russian, Nikita Mikhalkov
3 I like Julie Christie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Doctor Zhivago

1 I like Toy Story, A League of Their Own, Cape Fear, A Bug's Life, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Player, and The Commitments. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, Polly Bergen
3 I prefer Elizabeth Ashley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Windows

1 I watched the films The Godfather, Outbreak, MASH, Jeremiah Johnson, Sneakers, The Fifth Element, and American Graffiti and loved them. I'm looking for a mission from god movie.	The Blues Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis

1 Braveheart, Priest, Man of Steel, District 9, Warrior, The Illusionist, and Lone Survivor are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Pandorum
2 What else is that about?	space, Horror, Dennis Quaid, Ben Foster
3 I prefer zombie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Land of the Dead

1 I liked MASH, Clueless, Big, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Princess Bride, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and My Man Godfrey. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barbershop
2 What else is that about?	Cedric the Entertainer
3 I rate Jerry Zucker movies. Any other suggestions?	Rat Race

1 Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Edward Scissorhands, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Shawshank Redemption, Romeo + Juliet, and Pineapple Express are movies I like. I'm looking for a Peter Sarsgaard movie.	Shattered Glass
2 Who does that star?	Hayden Christensen, Peter Sarsgaard, Chloë Sevigny
3 I like John Hurt movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Skeleton Key

1 Saving Private Ryan, Forrest Gump, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Genocide movie.	Hotel Rwanda
2 What else is that about?	violence, Drama, War, Family, africa, Hotel, Don Cheadle, Genocide, Nick Nolte, rwanda, refugee, Terry George, refugees
3 I like united nations movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shake Hands with the Devil

1 I really liked L.A. Story, The Secret Garden, The Killing Fields, WarGames, Edward Scissorhands, Batman, and The Man with the Golden Gun. I'm looking for a Jennifer Lopez movie.	Jersey Girl
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Will Smith, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Jennifer Lopez, George Carlin
3 I like Vincent D'Onofrio movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cell

1 The Sweet Hereafter, The Third Man, Donnie Darko, Bowling for Columbine, Sling Blade, Being John Malkovich, and The Grifters are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Hurt movie.	Dead Man
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Crispin Glover, Lance Henriksen, Gary Farmer
3 I rate John Hurt movies. Any other suggestions?	Watership Down

1 Reservoir Dogs, Fight Club, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Goodfellas, Jaws, Once Upon a Time in the West, and The Godfather are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, spielberg, india, indiana jones, River Phoenix, Lucas, holy grail, indiana, Denholm Elliott
3 I rate Marc Forster movies. Any other suggestions?	Machine Gun Preacher

1 I really like Shallow Grave, Batman, Hot Shots! Part Deux, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, and Murder in the First. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Franklin J. Schaffner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Patton

1 The Sixth Sense, The Last of the Mohicans, Cinema Paradiso, The Princess Bride, Total Recall, Witness, and A League of Their Own are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown
2 What else is that about?	women, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I like Antonio Banderas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!

1 I like Some Like It Hot, The Evil Dead, The Illusionist, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Alien, The Terminator, and The World's Fastest Indian. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gorillas in the Mist
2 What else is that about?	Michael Apted, gorilla
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Primary Colors

1 Pay It Forward, The Right Stuff, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Iron Giant, Get Shorty, The Cider House Rules, and The Spanish Prisoner are films I loved. I'm looking for an altman movie.	Cookie's Fortune
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate comic strip movies. Any other suggestions?	Popeye

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Romeo + Juliet, Dead Man Walking, Lethal Weapon, The Silence of the Lambs, Billy Elliot, and Goodfellas are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Game
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Michael Douglas
3 I like Justin Theroux movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inland Empire

1 I really liked The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Double Indemnity, All About Eve, Harold and Maude, Fargo, The Third Man, and The Gay Divorcee. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Born Yesterday
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Mandoki
3 I rate Robert Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat

1 The Ghost and the Darkness, Ransom, Phenomenon, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Bridges of Madison County, Grumpier Old Men, and Tin Cup are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Con Air
2 What else is that about?	Action, Prison, Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, John Malkovich, jerry bruckheimer, Simon West
3 I like Wesley Snipes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Demolition Man

1 Back to the Future, Stand by Me, Twister, The Last of the Mohicans, Braveheart, Tomorrow Never Dies, and Rush Hour are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Ford movie.	The Hurricane
2 Who is that directed by?	John Ford
3 I rate Richard Thorpe movies. Any other suggestions?	How the West Was Won

1 Amélie, The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, Lost in Translation, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Darjeeling Limited are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Idiocracy
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Mike Judge, Luke Wilson, Maya Rudolph, Dax Shepard
3 I rate Ken Kwapis movies. Any other suggestions?	Dunston Checks In

1 Scent of a Woman, The Godfather, Scarface, Rocky IV, Bullitt, Kingdom of Heaven, and Rocky are movies I liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Viva Zapata!
2 Who does that star?	Marlon Brando, Anthony Quinn, Jean Peters

1 The American President, Finding Nemo, Hamlet, Pleasantville, and Galaxy Quest are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Whale Rider
2 Who is that directed by?	Niki Caro
3 I like Barbra Streisand movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Prince of Tides

1 I really liked Groundhog Day, Sling Blade, Remember the Titans, and The Mexican. I'm looking for a Roger Michell movie.	Changing Lanes
2 What else is that about?	Samuel L. Jackson, Roger Michell
3 I like Peter O'Toole movies more. Do you know anything else?	Venus

1 Just Cause, Little Women, True Lies, A Walk in the Clouds, Drop Zone, Maverick, and I.Q. are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Congo
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall
3 I like John Brahm movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bengazi

1 Casablanca, Whale Rider, King Kong, Chicken Run, Erin Brockovich, Ghost in the Shell, and The Sting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Radio
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Ed Harris, Debra Winger
3 I like Kevin James movies more. Do you know anything else?	Here Comes the Boom

1 I loved Raising Arizona, Tombstone, A River Runs Through It, The Age of Innocence, Central Station, The Hunt for Red October, and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for a Herbert Lom movie.	The Ladykillers
2 Who is that directed by?	Alexander Mackendrick
3 I rate Blake Edwards movies. Any other suggestions?	A Shot in the Dark

1 The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, and Crimson Tide are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Philadelphia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Tom Hanks, homosexuality, Denzel Washington, aids, homophobia, Jonathan Demme, demme
3 I rate Winning movies. Any other suggestions?	Moneyball

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Big Trouble in Little China, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Die Hard, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Shining, and Unbreakable are movies I love. I'm looking for a Roger Spottiswoode movie.	And the Band Played On
2 What else is that about?	Roger Spottiswoode
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot

1 I watched the films Fight Club, Garden State, Inception, The Matrix, Requiem for a Dream, Memento, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail and loved them. I'm looking for a robot movie.	Moon
2 Who is that directed by?	Duncan Jones
3 I like Shawn Levy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Real Steel

1 City of Angels, The Godfather, When Harry Met Sally..., The Graduate, Muriel's Wedding, The African Queen, and Pretty Woman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Bridges of Madison County
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep
3 I like Anthony Quinn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Don Is Dead

1 Twister, Broken Arrow, The Nutty Professor, White Squall, The Phantom, Father of the Bride Part II, and Fear are movies I like. I'm looking for a Walter Matthau movie.	Grumpier Old Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sequel, Old, Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Howard Deutch
3 I like Joseph Sargent movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three

1 In America, Slumdog Millionaire, Garden State, How to Train Your Dragon, Almost Famous, Amélie, and Little Miss Sunshine are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toy Story
2 Who is that directed by?	John Lasseter
3 I prefer Maria Ripoll movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tortilla Soup

1 I love The Graduate, Fargo, The Dreamlife of Angels, A Streetcar Named Desire, On the Waterfront, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Blue Velvet. I'm looking for a Robert Altman movie.	Nashville
2 What else is that about?	multiple storylines, ensemble cast, national film registry, Robert Altman, altman
3 I like korean war movies more. Do you know anything else?	MASH

1 The Beach, Trainspotting, The Hunger Games, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, Gladiator, and Good Will Hunting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Garden State
2 What else is that about?	Music, soundtrack, Natalie Portman, Zach Braff, new jersey, Peter Sarsgaard, Ian Holm, Home
3 I like biographical? movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ray

1 Back to the Future, The Right Stuff, Unforgiven, Aliens, On the Waterfront, A Clockwork Orange, and The Killer are movies I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	Glory
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I like Jean Renoir movies more. Do you know anything else?	La Grande Illusion

1 Life Is Beautiful, Spirited Away, Gran Torino, Gladiator, American Beauty, Clerks, and The Last King of Scotland are movies I loved. I'm looking for an ending movie.	The Dark Knight Rises
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, new york city, Christian Bale, ending, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, plot, Christopher Nolan, Anne Hathaway, cast, trilogy, Tom Hardy, bane, production
3 I prefer College movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bloomington

1 Aliens, The Princess Bride, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, American Beauty, Total Recall, The Rock, and Rocky are films I really like. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Blade Runner
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, cult film, r, Police, future, Harrison Ford, library, national film registry, Philip K. Dick, los angeles, Ridley Scott, androids, noir, visual, 2, Rutger Hauer, dystopian, Edward James Olmos, director's cut, Sean Young, Android
3 I like Alex Cox movies more. Do you know anything else?	Repo Man

1 I liked What Dreams May Come, Jurassic Park, The Dark Knight, Fight Club, and Double Jeopardy. I'm looking for a Sarah Michelle Gellar movie.	The Air I Breathe
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon, Brendan Fraser, Andy Garcia, Julie Delpy
3 I rate Sarah Michelle Gellar movies. Any other suggestions?	Scooby-Doo

1 Goodfellas, Dazed and Confused, Blade Runner, Unforgiven, Rushmore, Once Upon a Time in America, and Ladyhawke are films I loved. I'm looking for a David Lynch movie.	The Straight Story
2 What else is that about?	David Lynch, lynch
3 I rate r movies. Any other suggestions?	Inland Empire

1 I liked Frankenstein, Fanny and Alexander, Dancer in the Dark, Safe, The Contender, The Third Man, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Mickey Rourke movie.	Buffalo '66
2 Who does that star?	Mickey Rourke, Christina Ricci, Ben Gazzara, Vincent Gallo
3 I prefer Sylvester Stallone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Expendables

1 Lost in Translation, High Noon, Cyrano de Bergerac, Chinatown, The Hidden Blade, The Last Emperor, and The Searchers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Place in the Sun
2 Who is that directed by?	George Stevens
3 I prefer Michael Burke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mudge Boy

1 Sin City, Network, Three Days of the Condor, The African Queen, Lawrence of Arabia, Inception, and Harold and Maude are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Conversation
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Contagion

1 Cabaret, Beaches, Elizabeth, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Annie Hall, and A League of Their Own are films I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Babes in Toyland
2 What else is that about?	christmas
3 I prefer Gene Kelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hello, Dolly!

1 Circle of Friends, Philadelphia, The Shawshank Redemption, Speed, With Honors, A Walk in the Clouds, and When a Man Loves a Woman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Little Princess
2 What else is that about?	boarding school, Alfonso Cuarón
3 I rate Martha Coolidge movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Wishes

1 I watched the films Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Dennis Hopper movie.	True Romance
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Quentin Tarantino, Brad Pitt, Gary Oldman, Christopher Walken, Val Kilmer, cast, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette, Tony Scott
3 I rate Kyle MacLachlan movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Velvet

1 Rumble in the Bronx, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Dead Man Walking, The City of Lost Children, The Usual Suspects, The Hudsucker Proxy, and Immortal Beloved are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mark Wahlberg movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Lorraine Bracco, James Madio
3 I rate Ben Foster movies. Any other suggestions?	Lone Survivor

1 I like Ikiru, Life Is Beautiful, Chicken Run, Treasure Planet, Dave, October Sky, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Christmas Carol
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Henson
3 I like Duncan Ward movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boogie Woogie

1 Die Hard, The Untouchables, The Prestige, The Blues Brothers, Natural Born Killers, Ocean's Eleven, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Rachael Leigh Cook movie.	Josie and the Pussycats
2 What else is that about?	Rachael Leigh Cook
3 I prefer Peter Howitt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Antitrust

1 Brazil, Psycho, Goldfinger, Man on the Moon, Casino, All About Eve, and Die Hard 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rear Window
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Wendell Corey
3 I prefer Chloë Sevigny movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Killing Room

1 I like Sense and Sensibility, My Fair Lady, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Heavenly Creatures, Full Metal Jacket, and The Bridge on the River Kwai. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Menace II Society
2 What else is that about?	los angeles
3 I prefer Jay Roach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Game Change

1 Antz, Back to the Future Part III, Back to the Future Part II, Enemy at the Gates, The Mask, and A Bug's Life are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Goodman movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Music, pixar, disney, story, children, characters, animated, Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, Monsters, 3, Billy Crystal, pixar animation, James Coburn, Pete Docter, Lee Unkrich, Jennifer Tilly, Andrew Stanton, David Silverman
3 I rate Kevin Smith movies. Any other suggestions?	Red State

1 21 Grams, Forrest Gump, Good Will Hunting, The Matrix, Rain Man, The Intouchables, and Shutter Island are films I love. I'm looking for a get movie.	The Butterfly Effect
2 What else is that about?	psychological, science fiction, Memory, Ashton Kutcher, get, Amy Smart
3 I prefer Eddie Murphy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shrek

1 Ocean's Thirteen, Fight Club, The Departed, Saw II, The Bourne Identity, Independence Day, and Air Force One are movies I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Fast and the Furious
2 Who does that star?	John Ireland, Dorothy Malone

1 I like Cast Away, Goodfellas, And Now for Something Completely Different, Donnie Brasco, The Green Mile, Amélie, and Troy. I'm looking for a r movie.	Flags of Our Fathers
2 Who is that directed by?	Clint Eastwood
3 I like Nir Bergman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Broken Wings

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Godfather, Jaws, Pulp Fiction, The Fugitive, The Terminator, and Braveheart are movies I loved. I'm looking for a cons movie.	The Sting
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, soundtrack, complicated, Robert Redford, Paul Newman, caper, con men, George Roy Hill, Robert Shaw, con, Sting, cons
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sting

1 I liked Trainspotting, Chasing Amy, Mighty Aphrodite, and Happy Gilmore. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	Inventing the Abbotts
2 What else is that about?	Joaquin Phoenix
3 I rate Thomas Pynchon movies. Any other suggestions?	Inherent Vice

1 The Sweet Hereafter, The Hunt for Red October, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Pulp Fiction, Boogie Nights, Once Were Warriors, and ¡Three Amigos! are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss the Girls
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Morgan Freeman, Ashley Judd, Gary Fleder
3 I prefer James Foley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Confidence

1 The Negotiator, The Matrix, The Big Lebowski, Face/Off, John Q, Fargo, and Spider-Man are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Unforgiven

1 Back to the Future, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Almost Famous, Schindler's List, and High Fidelity are films I love. I'm looking for a Diane Lane movie.	The Perfect Storm
2 Who is that directed by?	Wolfgang Petersen
3 I like Gary David Goldberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Must Love Dogs

1 Crash, Seven Pounds, The King's Speech, Horrible Bosses, Dirty Harry, Ocean's Twelve, and 21 Grams are films I really liked. I'm looking for a found footage movie.	Paranormal Activity
2 What else is that about?	Horror, ending, found footage, paranormal
3 I like sequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grave Encounters 2

1 Down Periscope, Evita, The Spitfire Grill, Jack, Father of the Bride Part II, Antonia's Line, and Sense and Sensibility are films I really like. I'm looking for a women movie.	The First Wives Club
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, women, Divorce, Goldie Hawn
3 I prefer Herbert Ross movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Steel Magnolias

1 Pulp Fiction, Some Like It Hot, Life Is Beautiful, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Citizen Kane, Happiness, and Annie Hall are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Legally Blonde
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, murder, Fun, Reese Witherspoon, Luke Wilson, law, blonde, Selma Blair
3 I prefer Noah Baumbach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Margot at the Wedding

1 Das Boot, Dead Man Walking, Annie Hall, Midnight Express, Blade Runner, The Thin Blue Line, and The Seventh Seal are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Benicio Del Toro movie.	Traffic
2 What else is that about?	r, usa, Benicio Del Toro, Steven Soderbergh, drug trade
3 I rate cult film movies. Any other suggestions?	The Way of the Gun

1 Edward Scissorhands, Run Lola Run, The Princess Bride, Gone with the Wind, Fantasia, Grosse Pointe Blank, and Dazed and Confused are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Kid
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Coogan
3 I prefer Red Skelton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Whistling in Brooklyn

1 I liked The Godfather, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, When Harry Met Sally..., Mulan, Good Will Hunting, Star Trek, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Heartbreaker
2 Who does that star?	Romain Duris, Vanessa Paradis, Julie Ferrier
3 I like James Karen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Return of the Living Dead

1 I loved Clueless, Don Juan DeMarco, Schindler's List, The Rock, The Ref, Nobody's Fool, and Little Women. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Boys of St. Vincent
2 What else is that about?	Orphans, sexual abuse
3 I rate Stephen King movies. Any other suggestions?	Stand by Me

1 Fight Club, Heat, American Beauty, Rear Window, Pay It Forward, The Godfather, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Weekend at Bernie's
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, dvd, Andrew McCarthy, Ted Kotcheff, Jonathan Silverman
3 I rate relationships movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Kiss

1 Bully, Dark City, The Lives of Others, Pan's Labyrinth, Shall We Dance?, Crash, and Brokeback Mountain are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Cate Blanchett movie.	Oscar and Lucinda
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, Cate Blanchett, Tom Wilkinson, Ciarán Hinds
3 I rate Owen Wilson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou

1 I liked Apollo 13, The Godfather, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Jaws, Where Eagles Dare, Stalag 17, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Bob Fosse movie.	Cabaret
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, Broadway, berlin, stage, Michael York, Liza Minnelli, Bob Fosse, Joel Grey, fosse
3 I like Dustin Hoffman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lenny

1 I really like Amélie, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, and The Breakfast Club. I'm looking for a Running movie.	Forrest Gump
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, War, Tom Hanks, soundtrack, historical, Epic, romantic, Romantic Comedy, political, cult, Robert Zemeckis, united states, best picture, Life, 2, Gary Sinise, Sally Field, Running, alabama, historic, shrimp
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gallipoli

1 I love Rumble in the Bronx, Jerry Maguire, The Shawshank Redemption, Aladdin, The English Patient, Twister, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Nora Ephron movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Nora Ephron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mixed Nuts

1 The Talented Mr. Ripley, It's a Wonderful Life, The Purple Rose of Cairo, Hamlet, Lord of the Flies, Leaving Las Vegas, and Titus are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Elijah Wood movie.	The Ice Storm
2 Who is that directed by?	Ang Lee
3 I rate Shane Acker movies. Any other suggestions?	9

1 Saving Private Ryan, Armageddon, The Godfather, Excalibur, The Hunt for Red October, and Rain Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Starship Troopers
2 What else is that about?	War, military, futuristic, fascism, Paul Verhoeven, bug hunt, heinlein
3 I like fairy tale movies more. Do you know anything else?	Snow White and the Huntsman

1 I like Heavenly Creatures, Dune, Army of Darkness, Labyrinth, The Dark Crystal, and Psycho. I'm looking for a worst movie ever movie.	Plan 9 from Outer Space
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Walcott, Mona McKinnon

1 Being There, Being John Malkovich, Gladiator, The Maltese Falcon, To Kill a Mockingbird, Batman Begins, and Clerks are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Cate Blanchett, ocean, Willem Dafoe, Anjelica Huston
3 I prefer rugby movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Invictus

1 I like Army of Darkness, Almost Famous, First Knight, Stardust, Role Models, Spider-Man 2, and The Hangover. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clerks II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, sequel, Kevin Smith, view askew, jay and silent bob, Rosario Dawson, Jason Mewes
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House

1 I really like The Apartment, Casablanca, The Third Man, The Godfather, Stalag 17, Trading Places, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Five Easy Pieces
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Jack Nicholson, national film registry, Bob Rafelson
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Master of Ballantrae

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, The Lion King, Stargate, Dances with Wolves, Forrest Gump, The Three Musketeers, and Nell are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Bonnie Hunt movie.	Only You
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Destiny, Bonnie Hunt
3 I prefer Animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cars

1 I really like Scary Movie, Almost Famous, The Exorcist, Frequency, and Rules of Engagement. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Road Trip
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Road Trip, Todd Phillips
3 I prefer pixar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shrek

1 The Godfather, Spirited Away, Requiem for a Dream, Forrest Gump, Vertigo, Metropolis, and Ikiru are films I like. I'm looking for a Spike Lee movie.	Oldboy
2 What else is that about?	remake, Spike Lee
3 I prefer freedom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	25th Hour

1 A Nightmare on Elm Street, Girl 6, From Hell, The New Guy, The Seven Year Itch, The Basketball Diaries, and Stepmom are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Two Girls and a Guy
2 What else is that about?	Heather Graham
3 I like Thomas McCarthy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Station Agent

1 I love Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Monsters, Inc., Corpse Bride, The Court Jester, Gallipoli, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, and The Wrong Trousers. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Devil Wears Prada
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, New York, Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, fashion, Emily Blunt, Stanley Tucci, David Frankel
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Bedroom

1 Doctor Dolittle, The Spy Who Loved Me, Brainstorm, The Exorcist III, Casino Royale, Dr. No, and Mephisto are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Hotel movie.	California Suite
2 What else is that about?	Hotel, Neil Simon
3 I rate 2014 movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grand Budapest Hotel

1 Apocalypse Now, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, To Catch a Thief, Annie Hall, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Manhattan, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I love. I'm looking for a 007 movie.	Live and Let Die
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Hamilton
3 I prefer John Glen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For Your Eyes Only

1 Chasing Amy, The Closet, North by Northwest, Fargo, Sliding Doors, Stand by Me, and The Piano are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Ocean's 11

1 The Graduate, Unbreakable, The American President, Casablanca, The Green Mile, Say Anything..., and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I loved. I'm looking for a 1930s movie.	Frances
2 What else is that about?	mental illness, 1930s, Jessica Lange
3 I like Federico Fellini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Amarcord

1 The Crying Game, Heavenly Creatures, Requiem for a Dream, The Player, Short Cuts, The Celebration, and The Grifters are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Roman Polanski movie.	Chinatown
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Jack Nicholson, library, national film registry, film noir, los angeles, Roman Polanski, noir, Water, nicholson
3 I like Hugh Grant movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bitter Moon

1 National Treasure, Forrest Gump, The Blues Brothers, Armageddon, and Top Gun are movies I love. I'm looking for an Al Pacino movie.	The Recruit
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, Colin Farrell, Bridget Moynahan
3 I prefer True Story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Insider

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, L.A. Confidential, Bob Roberts, Hamlet, Forrest Gump, Spy Game, and Meet Joe Black are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Simon
2 Who is that directed by?	Marshall Brickman
3 I like Greg Mottola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Superbad

1 A Few Good Men, Casino, Patriot Games, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Bound, Say Anything..., and A Clockwork Orange are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I rate Edward Norton movies. Any other suggestions?	Everyone Says I Love You

1 Braveheart, True Lies, Outbreak, Crimson Tide, Toy Story, Beverly Hills Cop III, and Batman Forever are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I like Gordon Chan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thunderbolt

1 I watched the films The Birdcage, Dead Man Walking, Some Like It Hot, Hoop Dreams, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, To Kill a Mockingbird, and North by Northwest and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dolores Claiborne
2 Who does that star?	Kathy Bates, Jennifer Jason Leigh
3 I like Amitabh Bachchan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mohabbatein

1 I really like North by Northwest, Titanic, Mr. Holland's Opus, Evita, Driving Miss Daisy, Keeping the Faith, and Grease. I'm looking for an Alan Parker movie.	Angela's Ashes
2 Who does that star?	Robert Carlyle, Emily Watson, Ciaran Owens, Joe Breen
3 I rate Anthony Hopkins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Road to Wellville

1 Star Trek, Iron Man, Casino Royale, and Frequency are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Adjustment Bureau
2 Who is that directed by?	George Nolfi
3 I rate William Wyler movies. Any other suggestions?	The Collector

1 I really liked Alien, Equilibrium, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Die Hard 2, Stander, Deep Cover, and Rambo. I'm looking for an Action movie.	First Blood
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, Brian Dennehy, Richard Crenna
3 I like Michelle Rodriguez movies more. Do you know anything else?	S.W.A.T.

1 Harold and Maude, Goodfellas, Amélie, Rushmore, and Memento are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Big Lebowski
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, John Goodman, Jeff Bridges, Steve Buscemi
3 I prefer Danny Kaye movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Me and the Colonel

1 I love Escape from L.A., Dead Man, Muppet Treasure Island, and The Frighteners. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Close Shave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Short, own, animated, stop motion, aardman, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I like Edward F. Cline movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Scarecrow

1 The Big Blue, L.A. Confidential, The Shawshank Redemption, Jackie Brown, Eraser, Men in Black, and The Long Kiss Goodnight are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Air Force One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, president, Wolfgang Petersen, Glenn Close
3 I prefer Antonio Banderas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The 13th Warrior

1 I loved Beauty and the Beast, Billy Madison, That Thing You Do!, Forrest Gump, Maverick, Phenomenon, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Cemetery Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Michele Soavi
3 I like Hilary Brougher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Innocence

1 I liked Lawrence of Arabia, Blade Runner, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Secret of Roan Inish, The Wolf Man, The Matrix, and The Ruling Class. I'm looking for a Shekhar Kapur movie.	Bandit Queen
2 Who does that star?	Seema Biswas
3 I like Geoffrey Rush movies more. Do you know anything else?	Elizabeth

1 Five Easy Pieces, The Big Lebowski, Batman Begins, Monsters, Inc., Deliverance, The Dark Crystal, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Selick
3 I like John Boorman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Excalibur

1 The Day After Tomorrow, Howl's Moving Castle, Les Misérables, Children of Men, Inglourious Basterds, Forrest Gump, and True Grit are films I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
2 What else is that about?	dark, Thriller, r, Mystery, David Fincher, investigation, Daniel Craig, cast, editing, hacker, stockholm, Rooney Mara, bas
3 I rate 1.5 movies. Any other suggestions?	The Confessional

1 The Thin Man, Raiders of the Lost Ark, North by Northwest, Das Boot, The Wizard of Oz, Local Hero, and Chungking Express are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Risky Business
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, Tom Cruise
3 I like King Vidor movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fountainhead

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Dances with Wolves, Othello, Babe, The Birdcage, Apollo 13, and Philadelphia are movies I liked. I'm looking for a madness movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner

1 Dogma, Fight Club, Lost Highway, The Last Emperor, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Shine, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Repo Man
2 What else is that about?	cult film, los angeles, Emilio Estevez, Alex Cox
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airplane!

1 The Seventh Seal, The Wizard of Oz, Citizen Kane, Farewell My Concubine, Metropolis, Ran, and All About Eve are films I loved. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Kagemusha
2 What else is that about?	japan, Akira Kurosawa
3 I like studio ghibli movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grave of the Fireflies

1 All About My Mother, Pulp Fiction, and Amélie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Volver
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar

1 Romancing the Stone, Good Morning, Vietnam, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Natural, The Horse Whisperer, Chicken Run, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sweet Home Alabama
2 What else is that about?	Romantic Comedy, sweet, Reese Witherspoon, alabama, Josh Lucas, Patrick Dempsey
3 I prefer Jack Black movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saving Silverman

1 Toy Story 3, Iron Man, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and The Incredibles are movies I like. I'm looking for a technology movie.	Avatar
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, War, science fiction, Epic, science, 3d, technology, Sigourney Weaver, James Cameron, effects, visual, mining, Michelle Rodriguez, Sam Worthington, art direction, imax, natives, Giovanni Ribisi, eco, Zoe Saldana
3 I rate inventor movies. Any other suggestions?	Flash of Genius

1 Play It Again, Sam, Fantasia, Rear Window, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Gosford Park, 84 Charing Cross Road, and The Thin Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a ss movie.	The Odessa File
2 What else is that about?	nazis, Ronald Neame, odessa, ss
3 I prefer Donald Sutherland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Eagle Has Landed

1 Forrest Gump, Dave, Philadelphia, Stargate, Dances with Wolves, The Rock, and True Lies are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Broken Arrow
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Jeff Chandler
3 I like Debbie Reynolds movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Second Time Around

1 Once Were Warriors, The Usual Suspects, Shallow Grave, Stargate, Pulp Fiction, Heat, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Lord of Illusions
2 Who does that star?	Scott Bakula, Kevin J. O'Connor
3 I prefer Angela Lansbury movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Company of Wolves

1 Schindler's List, Network, Bonnie and Clyde, The Shawshank Redemption, Being John Malkovich, Pulp Fiction, and The Princess Bride are movies I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000
2 Who is that directed by?	Alain Tanner

1 The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Wizard of Oz, Nosferatu, Requiem for a Dream, Psycho, Princess Mononoke, and The Exorcist are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jack Lemmon movie.	The Odd Couple
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau
3 I like Sophia Loren movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grumpier Old Men

1 I like Forrest Gump, Elite Squad, Pulp Fiction, The Incredibles, Taken, Inception, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I like germany movies more. Do you know anything else?	Valkyrie

1 Castle in the Sky, Brazil, Kung Fu Hustle, Amélie, But I'm a Cheerleader, Howl's Moving Castle, and Inglourious Basterds are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Day of the Doctor
2 What else is that about?	3d, time, Doctor Who, David Tennant
3 I prefer Josef von Sternberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Docks of New York

1 I really like Trainspotting, Donnie Darko, Shaun of the Dead, A Clockwork Orange, Being John Malkovich, Fight Club, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Andromeda Strain
2 Who does that star?	David Wayne, Arthur Hill, Kate Reid, James Olson
3 I rate Frances O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiss or Kill

1 Blazing Saddles, Jurassic Park, The Fifth Element, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Army of Darkness, The Dirty Dozen, and Aliens are films I really liked. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Dr. No
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery
3 I prefer Roger Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For Your Eyes Only

1 Titanic, The Natural, The Producers, Shrek 2, Sleeper, A Close Shave, and Citizen Kane are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, John Goodman, John Turturro, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I like Lori Loughlin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Secret Admirer

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Nosferatu, All About Eve, Dear Jesse, Airplane!, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and On the Town are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Impostors
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Tucci
3 I rate Paul Feig movies. Any other suggestions?	The Heat

1 El Topo, The Hawks and the Sparrows, The Holy Mountain, Videodrome, The Graduate, La Dolce Vita, and Solaris are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion
2 Who is that directed by?	Elio Petri
3 I prefer Susanne Bier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Open Hearts

1 The Boondock Saints, Gladiator, The Count of Monte Cristo, The Princess Bride, The Passion of the Christ, 300, and The Fifth Element are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I prefer Natalie Portman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium

1 The Lavender Hill Mob, Conspiracy Theory, The Great Muppet Caper, City of God, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Broken Flowers, and Nurse Betty are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pumpkin
2 Who does that star?	Christina Ricci
3 I rate Melvyn Douglas movies. Any other suggestions?	There's Always a Woman

1 American Beauty, My Blueberry Nights, Pleasantville, Romeo + Juliet, Observe and Report, Fight Club, and Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium are movies I like. I'm looking for a Waitress movie.	Waitress
2 What else is that about?	Adrienne Shelly, Waitress

1 I really like House of Flying Daggers, Forrest Gump, The Boondock Saints, Sin City, Full Metal Jacket, American History X, and No Country for Old Men. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Basic Instinct
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, sexuality, sex, erotic, sexual, Michael Douglas, Paul Verhoeven, Sharon Stone, erotic thriller
3 I prefer psychological movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stay

1 I really like The Fighter, Ronin, The Game, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Pulp Fiction, Training Day, and Into the Wild. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Departed
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Lee Tamahori movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mulholland Falls

1 Groundhog Day, Bananas, Blade, Kingpin, Deconstructing Harry, Bull Durham, and Jackie Brown are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Delmer Daves movie.	Broken Arrow
2 What else is that about?	Delmer Daves
3 I like noir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dark Passage

1 I liked Inglourious Basterds, The Insider, Alien, JFK, Saving Private Ryan, Titanic, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dawn of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, zombies, r, remake, directorial debut, zombie, Zack Snyder, Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames
3 I rate franchise movies. Any other suggestions?	Friday the 13th Part III

1 The Blues Brothers, The Abyss, The Wrong Trousers, Braveheart, Batman, The Mask of Zorro, and The Matrix are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 4
2 What else is that about?	Action, Mel Gibson, Jet Li, series, Chris Rock, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I like Geena Davis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cutthroat Island

1 I really like The Muppet Movie, Sense and Sensibility, Good Will Hunting, The Sting, The Joy Luck Club, Traffic, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Christmas Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Clark
3 I prefer Stephen Kessler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vegas Vacation

1 Notorious, The Wizard of Oz, Casablanca, Doctor Zhivago, Top Hat, On the Waterfront, and Singin' in the Rain are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Fair Lady
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Musical, story, Broadway, best picture, George Cukor, George Bernard Shaw
3 I like David Bowie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Absolute Beginners

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Outbreak, Dances with Wolves, Mr. Holland's Opus, Powder, Crimson Tide, and The Fugitive are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Losing Isaiah
2 Who does that star?	Halle Berry, Jessica Lange
3 I like Sultan Islamov movies more. Do you know anything else?	House of Fools

1 I love Babe and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for an Ian McKellen movie.	Richard III
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Ian McKellen, Annette Bening, Jim Broadbent
3 I rate Jean Reno movies. Any other suggestions?	Flushed Away

1 Sleepless in Seattle, Mrs. Doubtfire, Notting Hill, You've Got Mail, Erin Brockovich, Gone with the Wind, and Next Stop Wonderland are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Where the Heart Is
2 Who does that star?	Uma Thurman, Dabney Coleman
3 I prefer Steve Ladden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Decampitated

1 The Firm, The Green Mile, Erin Brockovich, The Birdcage, The Hunt for Red October, The Color Purple, and Pretty Woman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Phenomenon
2 What else is that about?	own, John Travolta, genius, Forest Whitaker, Robert Duvall, Jon Turteltaub, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I rate hong kong movies. Any other suggestions?	The Promise

1 Donnie Brasco, The Godfather, Leaving Las Vegas, Othello, Chasing Amy, The Crucible, and Fargo are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Richard III
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Ian McKellen, Annette Bening, Jim Broadbent
3 I like John Cusack movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Colors

1 I really like Gladiator, Django Unchained, The Matrix, American Beauty, The Machinist, Dogville, and Platoon. I'm looking for a Ron Howard movie.	Cinderella Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard

1 Bring It On, Clueless, 101 Dalmatians, Mean Girls, Mermaids, She's the Man, and The Hunger Games are movies I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Spice World
2 What else is that about?	Music, british, Alan Cumming, Spice Girls
3 I prefer Rachael Leigh Cook movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Josie and the Pussycats

1 King Kong, Network, Pulp Fiction, The Limey, Pollock, The Exorcist, and The Diving Bell and the Butterfly are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Yves Robert movie.	My Father's Glory
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, Yves Robert
3 I like 1 movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Mother's Castle

1 I like Spies Like Us, Lord of War, The Legend of Bagger Vance, The Silence of the Lambs, Finding Forrester, The Blue Lagoon, and Dante's Peak. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bruce Almighty
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Shadyac
3 I rate William Keighley movies. Any other suggestions?	George Washington Slept Here

1 I watched the films Toy Story 3, The Lion King, Zombieland, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Toy Story, and The Dark Knight and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toy Story 2
2 Who does that star?	Joan Cusack
3 I prefer Marcia Gay Harden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gaudi Afternoon

1 Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Speed, Little Women, In the Name of the Father, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Olympia Dukakis movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 What else is that about?	Music, High School, teacher, William H. Macy, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Herek, Olympia Dukakis
3 I rate Nicolas Cage movies. Any other suggestions?	Moonstruck

1 Heat, The French Connection, Scarface, The Virgin Suicides, The Wizard of Oz, Wall Street, and The Blues Brothers are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fight Club movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club

1 Day of the Dead, Harold and Maude, The Third Man, Manhattan, Iron Man 2, The Player, and Frankenstein are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Road
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hillcoat
3 I prefer Ida Lupino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hard, Fast and Beautiful

1 Moulin Rouge!, V for Vendetta, Hook, Brokeback Mountain, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Pulp Fiction, and Slumdog Millionaire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Brad Pitt, Cate Blanchett, David Fincher, Life, F. Scott Fitzgerald
3 I like Matti Kassila movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Harvest Month

1 Remember the Titans, Sweet Home Alabama, American Wedding, Mulan, The Wedding Planner, Changing Lanes, and The Saint are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Prelude to a Kiss
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman René
3 I rate David Lean movies. Any other suggestions?	Blithe Spirit

1 The Truman Show, The Fifth Element, The Lion King, Memento, Escape from New York, Ghostbusters, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Starship Troopers
2 What else is that about?	War, military, futuristic, fascism, Paul Verhoeven, bug hunt, heinlein
3 I rate humor movies. Any other suggestions?	Hellboy

1 I love Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, Uncle Buck, Finding Nemo, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, I Am Sam, Monster's Ball, and Mississippi Burning. I'm looking for a Carl Reiner movie.	Summer Rental
2 Who is that directed by?	Carl Reiner

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Unforgiven, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Bowling for Columbine, and Casino are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Drama, satire, Music, cinematography, r, sexuality, story, Love, Kevin Spacey, cynical, own, midlife crisis, 3, Sam Mendes, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, beauty, Mena Suvari, mid-life crisis, Allison Janney
3 I like Amy Adams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sunshine Cleaning

1 While You Were Sleeping, A Few Good Men, Charade, From Here to Eternity, Shakespeare in Love, Ghost, and Notorious are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya

1 To Catch a Thief, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Face/Off, Moonstruck, The Fugitive, The Apartment, and The Princess Bride are films I liked. I'm looking for a Tennessee Williams movie.	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Family, Paul Newman, Tennessee Williams, Elizabeth Taylor, Richard Brooks
3 I rate John Huston movies. Any other suggestions?	The Night of the Iguana

1 I liked Wreck-It Ralph, Ratatouille, Thor, Star Trek, The Incredibles, Donnie Darko, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Martin McDonagh movie.	Seven Psychopaths
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Woody Harrelson, Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Tom Waits, Abbie Cornish, psychopaths, Martin McDonagh
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Bruges

1 I watched the films The Great Race, Lawrence of Arabia, La Femme Nikita, Hang 'Em High, Dances with Wolves, West Side Story, and For a Few Dollars More and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Niagara
2 What else is that about?	Marilyn Monroe, Henry Hathaway
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Straw Dogs

1 Patriot Games, Clear and Present Danger, Ghost, The Others, Diamonds Are Forever, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Enemy at the Gates are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Spy Game
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, Robert Redford
3 I rate Mark Strong movies. Any other suggestions?	Body of Lies

1 I really like Sense and Sensibility, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Strangers on a Train, The Nutty Professor, The Philadelphia Story, Paths of Glory, and Rio Bravo. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Foreign Correspondent
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I prefer Frank Launder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I See a Dark Stranger

1 The Lion King, Wonder Boys, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Thank You for Smoking, X-Men, Batman Begins, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Phantom of the Opera
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I like Jacques Demy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Une chambre en ville

1 The End of the Affair, American Beauty, Schindler's List, All Quiet on the Western Front, The Wizard of Oz, Casablanca, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hope and Glory
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, London, John Boorman
3 I like High School movies more. Do you know anything else?	The New Guy

1 Unbreakable, The Fugitive, Toy Story 2, Groundhog Day, Runaway Bride, Remember the Titans, and Mickey Blue Eyes are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Hoffman movie.	One Fine Day
2 What else is that about?	George Clooney, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Hoffman
3 I rate Leo Tolstoy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Station

1 The Breakfast Club, Tommy Boy, Fight Club, A Beautiful Mind, Evolution, Spaceballs, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Parenthood
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, Keanu Reeves, Steve Martin, Ron Howard, Parenthood, Rick Moranis, Mary Steenburgen, Dianne Wiest
3 I like Rodrigo García movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mother and Child

1 Toy Story 2, 8½, The Big Lebowski, Ghost World, Planet of the Apes, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and Ed Wood are movies I like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Heavenly Creatures
2 What else is that about?	murder, Peter Jackson, Kate Winslet, new zealand
3 I prefer Ralph Macchio movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Cousin Vinny

1 Braveheart, The Fugitive, True Lies, and Dances with Wolves are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Net
2 Who is that directed by?	Irwin Winkler
3 I like Adrian Lyne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Unfaithful

1 I loved Casino, Alien, Scarface, Aliens, Pulp Fiction, Platoon, and Monsters, Inc.. I'm looking for a John Boorman movie.	Excalibur
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Patrick Stewart, Helen Mirren, King Arthur, Legend, John Boorman, merlin, sword
3 I prefer Brendan Gleeson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The General

1 The Lion King, Edward Scissorhands, Shaun of the Dead, Labyrinth, Pan's Labyrinth, Educating Rita, and Rebecca are movies I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Flashdance
2 What else is that about?	Music, soundtrack, 1980s, dance, 80s
3 I rate Edward James Olmos movies. Any other suggestions?	Selena

1 Apollo 13 and Die Hard are films I like. I'm looking for a Santa Claus movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I prefer John Pasquin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Santa Clause

1 Das Boot, The Nutty Professor, Ransom, The Arrival, Independence Day, The Rock, and Infinity are films I love. I'm looking for a snake plissken movie.	Escape from L.A.
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter

1 I liked The Fountain, The Inglorious Bastards, The Truman Show, Inception, Inglourious Basterds, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, and Watchmen. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Love You Phillip Morris
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, True Story, Jim Carrey, Prison, Ewan McGregor, con artist, John Requa, Glenn Ficarra
3 I rate Airport movies. Any other suggestions?	Airplane!

1 I really like Lethal Weapon, The Silence of the Lambs, Batman, Chicken Run, Maverick, Schindler's List, and The Prince of Egypt. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Drunken Master
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Chan
3 I like Channing Tatum movies more. Do you know anything else?	Haywire

1 I like American Graffiti, Alien, Seven Days in May, The Apostle, Raise the Red Lantern, Lord of the Flies, and The Time Machine. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	House of Games
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, David Mamet, mamet, Joe Mantegna
3 I rate psychological movies. Any other suggestions?	Pi

1 Man on the Moon, The Silence of the Lambs, Goodfellas, Caddyshack, Fight Club, Forrest Gump, and What About Bob? are films I like. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	The 'Burbs
2 What else is that about?	Tom Hanks, Joe Dante
3 I prefer Richard Benjamin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Money Pit

1 Mallrats, My Best Friend's Wedding, High Fidelity, A Time to Kill, Broadcast News, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Boys Don't Cry are films I like. I'm looking for a Mark Steven Johnson movie.	Simon Birch
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mark Steven Johnson
3 I prefer marvel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghost Rider

1 I like The Green Mile, Schindler's List, Splash, Toy Story, Aladdin, The Secret of NIMH, and Strangers on a Train. I'm looking for a Kurt Russell movie.	The Fox and the Hound
2 What else is that about?	classic, friendship, disney, Kurt Russell
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Escape from New York

1 The Pianist, The Constant Gardener, Outbreak, Proof, A Beautiful Mind, Braveheart, and Where Eagles Dare are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Matt Damon movie.	Green Zone
2 What else is that about?	War, Matt Damon, iraq, Greg Kinnear, Paul Greengrass, u.s. army
3 I prefer Steven Soderbergh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Informant!

1 Batman, The Truman Show, Apocalypse Now, Reds, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Schindler's List, and The Santa Clause are films I love. I'm looking for a japan movie.	The Ballad of Narayama
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I like death movies more. Do you know anything else?	Departures

1 There's Something About Mary, Saving Private Ryan, Forrest Gump, Lethal Weapon 4, American Pie, Dudley Do-Right, and Lethal Weapon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a las vegas movie.	Showgirls
2 Who does that star?	Kyle MacLachlan, Gina Gershon, Elizabeth Berkley
3 I prefer George Clooney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Up in the Air

1 40 Days and 40 Nights, What's the Worst That Could Happen?, The Majestic, The Fast and the Furious, Glitter, Pearl Harbor, and American Pie 2 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Time Machine
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, time travel, H.G. Wells, George Pal
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Army of Darkness

1 I really like Alien, Aliens, Toy Story, The Terminator, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Richard Marquand movie.	Jagged Edge
2 What else is that about?	courtroom, Richard Marquand

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, True Lies, Hackers, Schindler's List, Dave, Natural Born Killers, and Jade. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Evil Dead II
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I like David Zucker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scary Movie 3

1 Jerry Maguire, The Firm, A Time to Kill, Good Will Hunting, Jersey Girl, Say Anything..., and In the Line of Fire are films I loved. I'm looking for a Steve Rash movie.	Can't Buy Me Love
2 What else is that about?	High School, beatles, Patrick Dempsey, Steve Rash
3 I rate Biography movies. Any other suggestions?	The Buddy Holly Story

1 Blade Runner, Buena Vista Social Club, All About My Mother, Toy Story 2, The Last Emperor, A Christmas Story, and The Princess Bride are films I really liked. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Menace II Society
2 What else is that about?	los angeles
3 I prefer r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ricochet

1 I really liked Dreamscape, The War of the Worlds, Gladiator, The Mask, Swordfish, Dirty Harry, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Peter Weir movie.	The Last Wave
2 What else is that about?	Peter Weir
3 I rate Australia movies. Any other suggestions?	Picnic at Hanging Rock

1 I liked Batman, Jerry Maguire, Waterworld, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Ghost, The Shawshank Redemption, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Christopher Lambert movie.	Highlander
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, franchise, Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, queen, Russell Mulcahy, Clancy Brown
3 I rate Albert Pyun movies. Any other suggestions?	Mean Guns

1 Election, Strictly Ballroom, The Wrong Trousers, Sophie's Choice, All About Eve, Fargo, and West Side Story are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Central Station
2 Who is that directed by?	Walter Salles
3 I rate Ed Solomon movies. Any other suggestions?	Levity

1 The Wild Bunch, Citizen Kane, M, Lone Star, Chinatown, An American in Paris, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Irvin movie.	Widows' Peak
2 What else is that about?	John Irvin
3 I like Frederick Forsyth movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dogs of War

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Memento, Schindler's List, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Fargo, and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Tyson
2 Who is that directed by?	James Toback
3 I prefer Chris Paine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Who Killed the Electric Car?

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Speed, Dave, Beauty and the Beast, Taxi Driver, The Fugitive, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I.Q.
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred Schepisi
3 I rate Dennis Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Jesus Henry Christ

1 Up, The Philadelphia Story, Casablanca, The Producers, The Dark Knight, Juno, and When Harry Met Sally... are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Producers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Kenneth Mars, Zero Mostel, Dick Shawn
3 I like John Osborne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Carter

1 Shrek, Serenity, American Wedding, The Fifth Element, Animal House, Gladiator, and Jaws are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Are We There Yet?
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Levant
3 I rate Nancy Meyers movies. Any other suggestions?	Something's Gotta Give

1 Independence Day, Rumble in the Bronx, The Crow, Mars Attacks!, Mortal Kombat, Powder, and The Rock are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I rate James Van Der Beek movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rules of Attraction

1 Saving Silverman, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Spider-Man, Rat Race, A Walk to Remember, Serendipity, and Mission to Mars are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Sum of All Fears
2 Who is that directed by?	Phil Alden Robinson
3 I like Michael Winner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Firepower

1 Miracle on 34th Street, Apollo 13, Mrs. Doubtfire, A Bug's Life, Titanic, Tombstone, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Julia Roberts movie.	My Best Friend's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, wedding, Rupert Everett, Dermot Mulroney
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Conspiracy Theory

1 Dick, The General's Daughter, Hercules, My Best Friend's Wedding, A Close Shave, A Bug's Life, and The Little Rascals are films I like. I'm looking for a soccer movie.	The Big Green
2 What else is that about?	soccer
3 I rate Stephen Chow movies. Any other suggestions?	Shaolin Soccer

1 I really liked Hotel Rwanda, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Carrie, The Silence of the Lambs, Home Alone, Signs, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Click
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, Adam Sandler, Christopher Walken, Kate Beckinsale
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Door in the Floor

1 The Jerk, Shrek, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Godfather, A Grand Day Out, Apocalypse Now, and The Great Escape are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bananas
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Louise Lasser
3 I like Charles Laughton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd

1 The Godfather, American History X, A Beautiful Mind, Gladiator, The Italian Job, Meet the Parents, and Taxi Driver are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The American President
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Andrzej Wajda movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Promised Land

1 I really like Gomorrah, My Neighbor Totoro, Anatomy of a Murder, Macbeth, The Trial, Infernal Affairs, and Charade. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	1900
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Gérard Depardieu, Dominique Sanda
3 I like Anne Heche movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wag the Dog

1 Swingers, A Grand Day Out, Groundhog Day, Babe, The Wrong Trousers, Living in Oblivion, and Shakespeare in Love are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flirting with Disaster
2 Who is that directed by?	David O. Russell
3 I rate Simon Ellis movies. Any other suggestions?	Public Sex

1 I really like Unforgiven, Thunderball, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Grave of the Fireflies, Reservoir Dogs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Power movie.	Spider-Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, superhero, comic book, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Willem Dafoe, superheroes, James Franco, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, responsibility, Power

1 Grease, The Blues Brothers, Speed, Ocean's Eleven, A Time to Kill, Rocky, and Home Alone are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I prefer Michael Gornick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Creepshow 2

1 I love Eraser, Sense and Sensibility, Jerry Maguire, Mr. Holland's Opus, Courage Under Fire, Toy Story, and Absolute Power. I'm looking for a Goldie Hawn movie.	The First Wives Club
2 Who does that star?	Diane Keaton, Maggie Smith, Goldie Hawn, Bette Midler
3 I prefer Ingrid Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cactus Flower

1 I love Meatballs, The Abyss, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Shadowlands, Kelly's Heroes, Rushmore, and Rosemary's Baby. I'm looking for a Western movie.	True Grit
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, coen brothers, Matt Damon, Western, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld, Barry Pepper
3 I prefer american civil war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly

1 Haywire, Darby O'Gill and the Little People, Music and Lyrics, Bridget Jones's Diary, To Be or Not to Be, Days of Heaven, and Wreck-It Ralph are movies I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Blue Gardenia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Seven Year Itch

1 Life Is Beautiful, Forrest Gump, City of God, Schindler's List, American History X, Downfall, and Hotel Rwanda are films I really liked. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	The Constant Gardener
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Thriller, murder, r, british, dvd, Ralph Fiennes, Rachel Weisz, kenya, Fernando Meirelles
3 I like Alex Proyas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Knowing

1 I loved Unforgiven, Spirited Away, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Fargo, American Beauty, Batman Begins, and My Neighbor Totoro. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Shadow of the Vampire
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, John Malkovich, Udo Kier
3 I like Reggie Bannister movies more. Do you know anything else?	Phantasm II

1 Father of the Bride, The Birdcage, Raising Arizona, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Jungle Book, The Emperor's New Groove, and Stripes are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	christmas, Michael Caine, muppets, Charles Dickens, Jim Henson
3 I like dark comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Taxidermia

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Taxi Driver, Apollo 13, True Lies, and Dances with Wolves are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Coogan's Bluff

1 The Sting, Volver, Downfall, The Rules of the Game, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, L'Avventura, and The Maltese Falcon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	L'Eclisse
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Michelangelo Antonioni, antonioni
3 I rate War movies. Any other suggestions?	Howl's Moving Castle

1 Silver Linings Playbook, Divergent, Zombieland, The Dark Knight Rises, Warm Bodies, No Strings Attached, and Gladiator are films I like. I'm looking for a Justin Timberlake movie.	Friends with Benefits
2 Who does that star?	Mila Kunis, Justin Timberlake, Patricia Clarkson, Jenna Elfman
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Alpha Dog

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, Conspiracy Theory, Elizabeth, In the Name of the Father, Life Is Beautiful, and Strictly Ballroom are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Meet Joe Black
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, death, Anthony Hopkins, 1, Claire Forlani
3 I like David Morse movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Green Mile

1 Bowling for Columbine, The Last Supper, The Hudsucker Proxy, The Frighteners, Forgotten Silver, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Shaun of the Dead are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Foul Play
2 Who does that star?	Chevy Chase, Goldie Hawn, Rachel Roberts, Burgess Meredith
3 I like Kevin Spacey movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Life of David Gale

1 I loved Casino Royale, Tomorrow Never Dies, Minority Report, Lord of War, Conan the Barbarian, Swordfish, and Iron Man. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Weird Science
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, John Hughes, Anthony Michael Hall, Kelly LeBrock
3 I rate William Keighley movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man Who Came to Dinner

1 Pulp Fiction, Salvador, The Hustler, It's a Wonderful Life, Caddyshack, Glory, and Apollo 13 are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Eight Men Out
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, John Sayles
3 I like Richard Donner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inside Moves

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Chocolat, Heat, The Usual Suspects, Apollo 13, American Beauty, and Saving Grace are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I like Johnnie To movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breaking News

1 Blue Velvet, Pan's Labyrinth, American History X, Reservoir Dogs, Amélie, Memento, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Matt Damon movie.	Saving Private Ryan
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Departed

1 Saving Private Ryan, Unbreakable, The Game, Fight Club, Blade Runner, Aliens, and Carlito's Way are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Blue
2 What else is that about?	Jean Reno, Luc Besson, Rosanna Arquette
3 I rate Frank Capra movies. Any other suggestions?	Lost Horizon

1 The Fugitive, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, In the Line of Fire, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and Clerks are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I prefer Bill Duke movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Deep Cover

1 Rain Man, A Grand Day Out, United 93, Casino, High Fidelity, Network, and Caddyshack are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Paul Giamatti movie.	Cinderella Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate Steve McQueen movies. Any other suggestions?	12 Years a Slave

1 As Good as It Gets, To Catch a Thief, The Odd Couple, Halloween, Sleeper, On Golden Pond, and High Noon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Old Yeller
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Stevenson
3 I prefer Rod Daniel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Home Alone 4

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Last of the Mohicans, The Game, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Reservoir Dogs, and Heat are films I liked. I'm looking for a Roland Emmerich movie.	The Patriot
2 What else is that about?	War, History, historical, Mel Gibson, Heath Ledger, Revolution, Roland Emmerich, Chris Cooper
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Universal Soldier

1 Croupier, Patton, Little Miss Sunshine, The Remains of the Day, Army of Darkness, Courage Under Fire, and Oldboy are movies I love. I'm looking for a kubrick movie.	Spartacus
2 Who does that star?	Kirk Douglas, Laurence Olivier, Charles Laughton, Jean Simmons
3 I like Matthew Modine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Full Metal Jacket

1 I liked Shadowlands, Before Sunrise, Sense and Sensibility, Hoop Dreams, To Die For, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Eat Drink Man Woman. I'm looking for a piano movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I rate Isabelle Huppert movies. Any other suggestions?	The Piano Teacher

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, The Game, Clerks, The Goonies, Alien, Blue Velvet, and Stand by Me and loved them. I'm looking for a Tobe Hooper movie.	Poltergeist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, ghosts, supernatural, spielberg, Tobe Hooper
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Invaders from Mars

1 I really liked Contact, Gladiator, Backdraft, Outbreak, Heat, The Specialist, and American Pie. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	8 Seconds
2 What else is that about?	rodeo
3 I rate Edward James Olmos movies. Any other suggestions?	Selena

1 The Wrong Trousers, Big Fish, Donnie Darko, Pan's Labyrinth, The Sixth Sense, Brazil, and A Grand Day Out are films I really liked. I'm looking for an apartment movie.	Delicatessen
2 Who is that directed by?	Marc Caro
3 I rate Lukas Moodysson movies. Any other suggestions?	A Hole in My Heart

1 I liked While You Were Sleeping, Beauty and the Beast, The Lion King, Jurassic Park, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Aladdin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I like Ricky Gervais movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Invention of Lying

1 Private Benjamin, Galaxy Quest, Mr. Mom, Jaws, The Sixth Sense, Die Hard, and Airport 1975 are films I loved. I'm looking for a Chevy Chase movie.	Funny Farm
2 What else is that about?	Chevy Chase, George Roy Hill
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Hot Tub Time Machine

1 The Sting, A Grand Day Out, West Side Story, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Chicken Run, Cinema Paradiso, and Bedazzled are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Frank Capra movie.	Arsenic and Old Lace
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dark comedy, Cary Grant, Frank Capra
3 I like Jean Harlow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Platinum Blonde

1 I, Robot, Babel, Back to the Future Part II, Alien, Conan the Barbarian, Blade Runner, and North by Northwest are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Forbidden Zone
2 What else is that about?	Musical
3 I prefer Fred Astaire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Royal Wedding

1 Total Recall, Office Space, and Fight Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Akira
2 Who does that star?	Mami Koyama, Mitsuo Iwata, Nozomu Sasaki
3 I rate Anne Bancroft movies. Any other suggestions?	Antz

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Babe, Beauty and the Beast, Little Women, Apollo 13, Sense and Sensibility, and Circle of Friends are films I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	How to Make an American Quilt
2 Who is that directed by?	Jocelyn Moorhouse

1 Dead Man Walking, Beetlejuice, Grease, Fantasia, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, A Fish Called Wanda, and Bonnie and Clyde are movies I like. I'm looking for an enigmatic movie.	High Plains Drifter
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, enigmatic
3 I like Alain Resnais movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Year at Marienbad

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Coming Home, Saving Private Ryan, Cat Ballou, She Wore a Yellow Ribbon, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and My Fair Lady are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Meet Me in St. Louis
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Vincente Minnelli, Mary Astor
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Silver Chalice

1 Aladdin, Cliffhanger, The Client, My Fair Lady, Miracle on 34th Street, GoldenEye, and Junior are films I like. I'm looking for a Robert Stevenson movie.	Bedknobs and Broomsticks
2 What else is that about?	disney, Magic, Musical, London, Angela Lansbury, Robert Stevenson
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jane Eyre

1 The Dark Knight, Forrest Gump, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Matrix, Donnie Darko, Braveheart, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I loved. I'm looking for an iceland movie.	Batman Begins
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, super-hero, Christopher Nolan, dc comics, iceland, comics, dc, Katie Holmes, comic, Fear, David S. Goyer
3 I rate long movies. Any other suggestions?	Interstellar

1 Sense and Sensibility, Arsenic and Old Lace, The Importance of Being Earnest, So I Married an Axe Murderer, The Birdcage, Ocean's Eleven, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Gwyneth Paltrow movie.	Emma
2 What else is that about?	british, Jane Austen, Gwyneth Paltrow, Douglas McGrath, austen
3 I rate Joseph Fiennes movies. Any other suggestions?	Shakespeare in Love

1 Braveheart, The Firm, The Client, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, Outbreak, and The Fugitive are movies I liked. I'm looking for a demme movie.	Philadelphia
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Denzel Washington
3 I like Jodie Foster movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 Wayne's World, The Goonies, The Cable Guy, So I Married an Axe Murderer, and Happy Gilmore are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, 1980s, Adam Sandler, Romantic Comedy, Drew Barrymore, Frank Coraci
3 I prefer Topher Grace movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!

1 I watched the films Gods and Monsters, Inherit the Wind, Catch Me If You Can, The Story of the Weeping Camel, Ella Enchanted, Standing in the Shadows of Motown, and Vertigo and loved them. I'm looking for a Volker Schlöndorff movie.	Death of a Salesman
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, John Malkovich, Stephen Lang, Kate Reid

1 True Lies, Crimson Tide, Apollo 13, The Fugitive, and Clear and Present Danger are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Behind Enemy Lines

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, The Piano, The Usual Suspects, Goodfellas, 12 Angry Men, My Fair Lady, and Enchanted April are films I love. I'm looking for a John Singleton movie.	Rosewood
2 Who is that directed by?	John Singleton

1 I really liked Princess Mononoke, A Clockwork Orange, Army of Darkness, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Goodfellas, The Land Before Time, and Equilibrium. I'm looking for a Possession movie.	The Evil Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cult film, own, Demons, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Possession, gory
3 I like mental illness movies more. Do you know anything else?	Requiem

1 I love High Fidelity, Groundhog Day, The Lives of Others, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Pulp Fiction, The Deer Hunter, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	In My Father's Den
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Macfadyen, Emily Barclay
3 I like Bruno Lawrence movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Quiet Earth

1 Beauty and the Beast, Dave, The Fugitive, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I rate Predator movies. Any other suggestions?	Predator 2

1 I love The Matrix, The Godfather, Mulholland Drive, City Lights, Songs from the Second Floor, Downfall, and The Hunt. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Europa
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Love, germany, Lars von Trier
3 I prefer George Clooney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Thin Red Line

1 True Lies, Clueless, Speed, Crimson Tide, Heat, Babe, and The Firm are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Addams Family Values
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lloyd, Joan Cusack, Anjelica Huston
3 I prefer Dana Carvey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wayne's World 2

1 I loved King Kong, The Maltese Falcon, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Spellbound, Donnie Brasco, Amélie, and High Noon. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Poets Society
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I like James Earl Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Great White Hope

1 I love Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, The Shawshank Redemption, and Beauty and the Beast. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer Terrence Malick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	To the Wonder

1 Cookie's Fortune, Arsenic and Old Lace, L.A. Confidential, In the Heat of the Night, Time Bandits, My Man Godfrey, and The Big Lebowski are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Clint Eastwood, Kevin Spacey, 1980s, John Cusack, book, Trial, reporter, Savannah, Georgia
3 I prefer courtroom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Witness for the Prosecution

1 Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing, Broadcast News, Chicago, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Wedding Banquet, and On Golden Pond are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Lovers and Other Strangers
2 Who does that star?	Bonnie Bedelia, Michael Brandon
3 I rate Tony Randall movies. Any other suggestions?	Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?

1 Babe, Jurassic Park, The Shawshank Redemption, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I like biblical movies more. Do you know anything else?	One Night with the King

1 The 400 Blows, Nixon, Jurassic Park, On the Waterfront, The Magnificent Seven, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Royal Tenenbaums are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Takeshi Kitano movie.	Sonatine
2 What else is that about?	japan, Takeshi Kitano
3 I rate searching movies. Any other suggestions?	Kikujiro

1 Mississippi Burning, Ed Wood, Paths of Glory, Bend It Like Beckham, The Maltese Falcon, Double Indemnity, and George Washington are movies I liked. I'm looking for a west virginia movie.	The Night of the Hunter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, serial killer, national film registry, Charles Laughton, Robert Mitchum, Shelley Winters, west virginia
3 I like Richard Gere movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mothman Prophecies

1 I really liked The Prestige, Gladiator, Ocean's Eleven, The Sting, The Shawshank Redemption, Die Hard, and Alien. I'm looking for a Moon movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 What else is that about?	british, Short, stop motion, aardman, Moon, Holiday, Nick Park, cheese, wallace and gromit, rocket
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apollo 13

1 The Fall, The Breakfast Club, Cool Hand Luke, Jaws, Magnolia, The Blues Brothers, and Stop Making Sense are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Henry King movie.	The Black Swan
2 What else is that about?	Henry King
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Song of Bernadette

1 I liked Interstellar, Black Swan, Fight Club, Sin City, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I rate Keanu Reeves movies. Any other suggestions?	Something's Gotta Give

1 Apollo 13, Alien, Lawrence of Arabia, Total Recall, The Sound of Music, Fargo, and Big are movies I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Tootsie
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Quality Street

1 Psycho, Malcolm X, Glory, Young Frankenstein, Shakespeare in Love, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Omen are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	Midnight Cowboy
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Jon Voight, John McGiver, Sylvia Miles
3 I rate Julie Andrews movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sound of Music

1 The Game, Pulp Fiction, Wall Street, Life Is Beautiful, Stand by Me, The Usual Suspects, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for an Alice Braga movie.	City of God
2 Who does that star?	Douglas Silva, Leandro Firmino, Alexandre Rodrigues
3 I like Alice Braga movies more. Do you know anything else?	Predators

1 Breaking the Waves, Fargo, L.A. Confidential, The English Patient, The Birdcage, The People vs. Larry Flynt, and Dead Man Walking are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The First Wives Club
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, women, Divorce, Goldie Hawn
3 I rate black comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Boy Bubby

1 Platoon, The Fugitive, The Shining, Top Gun, Scarface, Bull Durham, and Jacob's Ladder are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	A Few Good Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, murder, Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, courtroom, courtroom drama, lawyers, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland, court, Demi Moore, lawyer, Rob Reiner, law, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Pollak, cruise
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jerry Maguire

1 I loved Major Payne, Bio-Dome, Airheads, The Santa Clause, Forrest Gump, The Net, and Independence Day. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Getting Even with Dad
2 Who does that star?	Macaulay Culkin, Ted Danson
3 I rate Anushka Sharma movies. Any other suggestions?	Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi

1 Cyrano de Bergerac, Much Ado About Nothing, Ulee's Gold, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, and Sabrina are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a beauty movie.	Stealing Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Rachel Weisz, Liv Tyler, Jeremy Irons, Bernardo Bertolucci, beauty, Joseph Fiennes
3 I like Annette Bening movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Beauty

1 I really like The Matrix, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Princess Bride, The Incredibles, Mars Attacks!, Toy Story, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a satire? movie.	Blazing Saddles
2 Who is that directed by?	Mel Brooks
3 I like Sidney Lumet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Network

1 Saving Private Ryan, Boys Don't Cry, Dark City, La Grande Illusion, Gilda, Fanny and Alexander, and Being There are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Matthew Broderick movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I like Jeffrey Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ferris Bueller's Day Off

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Run Lola Run, Alien, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and The Big Lebowski are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, national film registry, spielberg, usa, 1930s, indiana jones, 1, Lucas, Denholm Elliott, Karen Allen, ark of the covenant
3 I rate amnesia movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 Groundhog Day, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Game, Fantasia, Apocalypse Now, A Close Shave, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I love. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Gigi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, national film registry, courtesan, Vincente Minnelli
3 I rate Albert Lewin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Picture of Dorian Gray

1 Casino, Out of Sight, The Shining, Psycho, When Harry Met Sally..., Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Stalag 17 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Guy Hamilton movie.	Goldfinger
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Gert Fröbe, Honor Blackman, Shirley Eaton
3 I like Michael Caine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Funeral in Berlin

1 12 Angry Men, North by Northwest, The Usual Suspects, House of Games, The Princess Bride, Aliens, and The Godfather are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who does that star?	Randolph Scott, Binnie Barnes, Henry Wilcoxon
3 I like Dylan Walsh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Congo

1 Citizen Kane, To Kill a Mockingbird, Some Like It Hot, Bonnie and Clyde, Schindler's List, My Fair Lady, and Rear Window are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 What else is that about?	Action, Crime, r, Family, story, mafia, Al Pacino, national film registry, New York, Italian, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, best picture, James Caan, sicily, length, coppola
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fifty Dead Men Walking

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, and Babe. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, stylized, violence, black comedy, Crime, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, r, dialogue, original, Samuel L. Jackson, humor, own, Uma Thurman, characters, John Travolta, tarantino, noir, cult, non-linear, ironic, mob, Pulp, conversation, unconventional, pop culture references, style, Roger Avary, mobster, monologue, post-modern
3 I like Emilio Estevez movies more. Do you know anything else?	Repo Man

1 I really liked The Mask of Zorro, Shakespeare in Love, Pecker, Titanic, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Sleeper, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Lone Star
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles
3 I like Simon West movies more. Do you know anything else?	The General's Daughter

1 I watched the films Leaving Las Vegas, The Usual Suspects, Trainspotting, Philadelphia, Taxi Driver, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Prison, death, Sean Penn, usa, book, Tim Robbins, Susan Sarandon, death row
3 I prefer Steve Martin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Parenthood

1 I liked Young Frankenstein, Hot Shots!, Blazing Saddles, Airplane!, The Wrong Trousers, The Fifth Element, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Waiting for Guffman
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest
3 I rate Robert Altman movies. Any other suggestions?	A Prairie Home Companion

1 The Dark Knight, The Incredibles, The Great Escape, Serenity, North by Northwest, Iron Man, and The Matrix are films I like. I'm looking for a Vinnie Jones movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I rate Quentin Tarantino movies. Any other suggestions?	Hell Ride

1 Jean de Florette, Toy Story 2, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Sting, Serenity, A Close Shave, and The Muppet Movie are movies I like. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	The Wedding Banquet
2 Who does that star?	Sihung Lung, Winston Chao, May Chin
3 I prefer Dermot Mulroney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Date

1 I love Alice in Wonderland, Cast Away, Amistad, A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Green Mile, Secretary, and The Lives of Others. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Brave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, pixar, witch, Emma Thompson, visuals, Princess, Billy Connolly
3 I rate Will Forte movies. Any other suggestions?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 Back to the Future, On the Waterfront, Taxi Driver, Cinema Paradiso, The Third Man, The Adventures of Robin Hood, and Toy Story 2 are films I like. I'm looking for a William H. Macy movie.	Happy, Texas
2 What else is that about?	William H. Macy
3 I rate John Ritter movies. Any other suggestions?	Panic

1 Casablanca, The Godfather, The Shop Around the Corner, Strangers on a Train, The Usual Suspects, Holiday Inn, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I love. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wrong Man

1 I loved Memento, Moon, The Matrix, The Dark Knight, Fight Club, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Layer Cake
2 What else is that about?	r, british, directorial debut, Matthew Vaughn
3 I prefer story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scum

1 The Godfather, In the Bedroom, North by Northwest, Brokeback Mountain, All About Eve, Breaking the Waves, and No Country for Old Men are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet Smell of Success
2 Who does that star?	Burt Lancaster, Tony Curtis, Martin Milner, Susan Harrison
3 I like Madonna movies more. Do you know anything else?	Desperately Seeking Susan

1 I really liked The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Smoke Signals, Sixteen Candles, Hairspray, American Beauty, The Birds, and Pretty in Pink. I'm looking for a small town movie.	Norma Rae
2 What else is that about?	small town, Sally Field, Martin Ritt, Beau Bridges, union
3 I prefer Texas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lone Star

1 Heavenly Creatures, To Die For, From Here to Eternity, Notorious, Grease, The Matrix, and North by Northwest are films I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Band Wagon
2 Who does that star?	Fred Astaire
3 I prefer Jane Powell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Royal Wedding

1 The Celluloid Closet, A Clockwork Orange, Doctor Zhivago, The Grapes of Wrath, The African Queen, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Rob Roy are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Drama, Al Pacino, Russell Crowe, Michael Mann, tobacco
3 I like Robert Duvall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Apostle

1 I really like Rain Man, The Matrix, Lost in Translation, Goodfellas, The Dark Knight, Django Unchained, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Casino
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Kathryn Bigelow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Point Break

1 I loved Alien, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, The Hunt for Red October, Blade Runner, The Dark Crystal, Go, and The Abyss. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, ensemble cast, original, story, Heist, tarantino, Steve Buscemi, cast, cult, Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer Katherine Heigl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One for the Money

1 King Kong, The War of the Worlds, Ghostbusters, An American Werewolf in London, Carrie, The Wolf Man, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I love. I'm looking for a Frankenstein movie.	Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Short, Frankenstein
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed

1 The Shining, Reversal of Fortune, The Year of Living Dangerously, Harold and Maude, The Verdict, Mother Night, and My Favorite Year are films I like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Lost in America
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Julie Hagerty
3 I prefer John Huston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wise Blood

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Goodfellas, Syriana, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Open Your Eyes, The Shining, and City of God are films I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Last Waltz
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, Bob Dylan, scorsese, The Band
3 I like motown movies more. Do you know anything else?	Standing in the Shadows of Motown

1 I really liked Keeping the Faith, The House of the Spirits, The African Queen, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, American Hustle, Rain Man, and The Perks of Being a Wallflower. I'm looking for a Tom Hiddleston movie.	War Horse
2 Who does that star?	Emily Watson, Peter Mullan, Jeremy Irvine
3 I like Tilda Swinton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Only Lovers Left Alive

1 Fight Club, City of God, Casablanca, Batman Begins, Citizen Kane, Office Space, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Giovanni Ribisi movie.	Lost in Translation
2 Who is that directed by?	Sofia Coppola
3 I like Garry Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Other Sister

1 I loved The City of Lost Children, Laura, Evil Dead II, Ice Age, Brazil, The Evil Dead, and Aliens. I'm looking for an Edward Dmytryk movie.	Murder, My Sweet
2 What else is that about?	Edward Dmytryk
3 I like Ricardo Montalban movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Reluctant Saint

1 I like The Blues Brothers, Casablanca, White Squall, Stand by Me, Apollo 13, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I like Steve Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	All of Me

1 Shallow Grave, A Fish Called Wanda, Kids, The Pianist, Basic Instinct, If...., and Cinema Paradiso are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin, Alan Ladd, Rachel Ward, Carl Reiner
3 I rate Angie Dickinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Pretty Maids All in a Row

1 I really like Muriel's Wedding, The Magnificent Seven, Shall We Dance?, Cold Comfort Farm, Braveheart, For a Few Dollars More, and The Third Man. I'm looking for a tv movie.	L.A. Story
2 What else is that about?	surreal, story, los angeles, Steve Martin, tv, Mick Jackson, weather forecaster
3 I like aretha franklin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blues Brothers

1 Rebecca, It's a Wonderful Life, The Manchurian Candidate, Take the Money and Run, Pinocchio, Notorious, and Paths of Glory are films I really like. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Forbidden Planet
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred M. Wilcox
3 I prefer Alex Rivera movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleep Dealer

1 The Big Lebowski, Reservoir Dogs, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Sound of Music, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Big Fish, and The City of Lost Children are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I like Ben Kingsley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lucky Number Slevin

1 I watched the films Just Cause, Dangerous Minds, Legends of the Fall, Broken Arrow, Sleepless in Seattle, Ghost, and Clear and Present Danger and loved them. I'm looking for a John Landis movie.	Beverly Hills Cop III
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Eddie Murphy, John Landis
3 I rate Don Ameche movies. Any other suggestions?	Trading Places

1 Billy Madison, Casino, Pulp Fiction, Demolition Man, Four Rooms, Back to the Future, and Forrest Gump are films I like. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	Virtuosity
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington, Kelly Lynch, Stephen Spinella
3 I prefer Elizabeth Banks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Next Three Days

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Sleepless in Seattle, The Silence of the Lambs, Heat, Forrest Gump, and Legends of the Fall. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 What else is that about?	Music, High School, teacher, William H. Macy, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Herek, Olympia Dukakis
3 I like Japanese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harakiri

1 12 Angry Men, Moonraker, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Toy Story 2, The Shawshank Redemption, The Muppet Movie, and Casablanca are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fletch
2 Who does that star?	Chevy Chase, Joe Don Baker
3 I prefer Judy Greer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Visioneers

1 The Fugitive, Apollo 13, Clear and Present Danger, Sleepless in Seattle, The American President, Dances with Wolves, and Toy Story are movies I love. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I prefer serial killer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Brooks

1 I really liked Shakespeare in Love, Bambi, Braveheart, The Searchers, Life Is Beautiful, The Palm Beach Story, and Ben-Hur. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Anastasia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Ingrid Bergman, Yul Brynner, Anatole Litvak, Helen Hayes
3 I rate Andy Warhol movies. Any other suggestions?	Basquiat

1 In the Line of Fire, Blade, Dr. No, Die Hard, Bad Boys, Wedding Crashers, and Casino Royale are movies I love. I'm looking for a Samuel L. Jackson movie.	Basic
2 Who does that star?	Samuel L. Jackson, John Travolta, Connie Nielsen
3 I prefer Juliette Binoche movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In My Country

1 Toy Story, Good Will Hunting, Schindler's List, The Silence of the Lambs, The Hangover, Up, and Amélie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Danny Boyle movie.	127 Hours
2 Who does that star?	James Franco
3 I prefer Jonny Lee Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trainspotting

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Thin Red Line, The Godfather, Dances with Wolves, Carlito's Way, and Fight Club are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	King Creole

1 I like Lilies of the Field, To Sir, with Love, North by Northwest, L.A. Confidential, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Psycho, and Dirty Dancing. I'm looking for a War movie.	Shenandoah
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew V. McLaglen
3 I like Alex Cox movies more. Do you know anything else?	Walker

1 Some Like It Hot, Monsters, Inc., The Wizard of Oz, The Princess Bride, The Breakfast Club, Chicago, and Guess Who's Coming to Dinner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt
3 I like Dara Singh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jab We Met

1 I love Rain Man, The Time Machine, House of Sand and Fog, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Diamonds Are Forever, Rosemary's Baby, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I prefer 007 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Never Say Never Again

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, The Departed, The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, The Lion King, and The Usual Suspects and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Tom Cruise, renee zellweger, Cameron Crowe, agent
3 I prefer Meryl Streep movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hours

1 The Boondock Saints, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Bourne Supremacy, Fight Club, Wedding Crashers, Old School, and Avatar are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Signs
2 Who is that directed by?	M. Night Shyamalan
3 I like Roger Spottiswoode movies more. Do you know anything else?	Air America

1 The Fugitive, Gandhi, The Adventures of Robin Hood, It's a Wonderful Life, Beauty and the Beast, The Santa Clause, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Grease
2 What else is that about?	High School, Musical, John Travolta, 1950s, Randal Kleiser
3 I prefer Cyd Charisse movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Brigadoon

1 I really liked Ghost in the Shell, Rear Window, Man Bites Dog, The 39 Steps, Psycho, Platoon, and Get Shorty. I'm looking for a Ray Harryhausen movie.	The Golden Voyage of Sinbad
2 What else is that about?	Ray Harryhausen, Sinbad
3 I like Monster movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms

1 I liked Bowling for Columbine, Deathtrap, A Christmas Story, Shrek, Labyrinth, A Clockwork Orange, and Batman Returns. I'm looking for an australian movie.	Chopper
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Dominik
3 I prefer Adam Blaiklock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Caught Inside

1 I really liked Guys and Dolls, The Big Chill, Miracle on 34th Street, Field of Dreams, The Brother from Another Planet, The African Queen, and The Magnificent Seven. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Great Santini
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Blythe Danner, Michael O'Keefe, Lisa Jane Persky

1 I watched the films The Man Who Would Be King, Arsenic and Old Lace, Platoon, Seven Beauties, The Bank Dick, Jean de Florette, and Tin Men and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan J. Pakula
3 I rate Biyi Bandele movies. Any other suggestions?	Half of a Yellow Sun

1 I love Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Green Mile, Jerry Maguire, In the Line of Fire, Miracle on 34th Street, The Skulls, and Face/Off. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Pet Sematary
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Stephen King
3 I like ants movies more. Do you know anything else?	Them!

1 The Player, The Grifters, American Beauty, The Sweet Hereafter, Almost Famous, Chungking Express, and The Red Violin are films I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Central Station
2 Who is that directed by?	Walter Salles
3 I prefer Laurie Collyer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sherrybaby

1 I loved Apollo 13, Gone Baby Gone, The Insider, Groundhog Day, The Cuckoo, The Rookie, and The Player. I'm looking for a Tom Wilkinson movie.	Michael Clayton
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Gilroy
3 I rate John Madden movies. Any other suggestions?	The Debt

1 I love Strictly Ballroom, The Thin Man, Diva, Patton, The Big Chill, MASH, and To Catch a Thief. I'm looking for an indonesia movie.	The Year of Living Dangerously
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mel Gibson, Sigourney Weaver, Peter Weir, indonesia
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Year of Living Dangerously

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Traffic, The Godfather, Annie Hall, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Schindler's List, and Apocalypse Now are films I really like. I'm looking for a bernard herrmann movie.	North by Northwest
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I rate Brian De Palma movies. Any other suggestions?	Obsession

1 I watched the films The Lion King, Philadelphia, Sleepless in Seattle, Dances with Wolves, Legends of the Fall, Forrest Gump, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Whoopi Goldberg movie.	Ghost
2 Who is that directed by?	Jerry Zucker
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Color Purple

1 I liked True Lies, In the Line of Fire, Mrs. Doubtfire, While You Were Sleeping, Drop Zone, Junior, and Rob Roy. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	The Client
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I like Alan J. Pakula movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Pelican Brief

1 Lethal Weapon 2 and Scary Movie are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Road Trip
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Road Trip, Todd Phillips
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Valet

1 I really liked Taxi Driver and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for an indian movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Costner
3 I rate Farah Khan movies. Any other suggestions?	Om Shanti Om

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Dead Man Walking, Schindler's List, Clerks, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Amy Acker movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon

1 Pulp Fiction, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Fifth Element, GoldenEye, and The City of Lost Children are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I rate Wesley Ruggles movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bride Comes Home

1 Apocalypse Now, Fahrenheit 9/11, Dogville, Rear Window, The Usual Suspects, Triumph of the Will, and Vertigo are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Avalon
2 What else is that about?	virtual reality, Mamoru Oshii
3 I rate argentina movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tango Lesson

1 I love Happy Gilmore, The Guns of Navarone, The Wrong Trousers, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Being John Malkovich, Tombstone, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Lana Turner
3 I prefer William Atherton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Day of the Locust

1 I watched the films Lucky Number Slevin, Home Alone, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Dawn of the Dead, Night of the Living Dead, and Run Lola Run and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Machinist
2 What else is that about?	psychological, r, Christian Bale, Brad Anderson
3 I rate Kate Beckinsale movies. Any other suggestions?	Whiteout

1 Dances with Wolves, Pulp Fiction, Clueless, The American President, Clear and Present Danger, Forrest Gump, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I prefer Ice-T movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Johnny Mnemonic

1 Clerks, Tea with Mussolini, Howards End, From Russia with Love, American History X, Boogie Nights, and Gilda are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Wilde
2 What else is that about?	Biography, Stephen Fry, Oscar Wilde
3 I prefer Michael Apted movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Coal Miner's Daughter

1 Manhattan, Fargo, Annie Hall, MASH, The Player, L.A. Confidential, and American Beauty are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Happiness
2 What else is that about?	Sisters, Todd Solondz
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Period of Adjustment

1 Office Space, American History X, Amélie, The Big Lebowski, A Clockwork Orange, Strangers on a Train, and Rear Window are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Constant Gardener
2 Who is that directed by?	Fernando Meirelles
3 I rate Eran Riklis movies. Any other suggestions?	Lemon Tree

1 I liked Hard Boiled, Chinatown, The Fly, King Kong, American History X, A Clockwork Orange, and Face/Off. I'm looking for a Fun movie.	The Wrong Trousers
2 Who does that star?	Peter Sallis
3 I rate Kristen Bell movies. Any other suggestions?	Veronica Mars

1 Toy Story, A Bug's Life, Casablanca, Toy Story 2, L.A. Confidential, Lost in Translation, and The Incredibles are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I rate Tay Garnett movies. Any other suggestions?	The Postman Always Rings Twice

1 Boogie Nights, Heavenly Creatures, Casablanca, Edward Scissorhands, To Kill a Mockingbird, Annie Hall, and Requiem for a Dream are films I liked. I'm looking for a Federico Fellini movie.	Roma
2 What else is that about?	Federico Fellini
3 I like Italian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Juliet of the Spirits

1 The Last Supper, Get on the Bus, Fargo, Kingpin, Sleepers, Con Air, and Broken Arrow are movies I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Inside
2 Who is that directed by?	Arthur Penn

1 Gone with the Wind, To Kill a Mockingbird, Eat Drink Man Woman, Babe, Waiting for Guffman, Blazing Saddles, and Some Like It Hot are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Control Room
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, iraq
3 I prefer country music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Father and the Man in Black

1 Ed Wood, Nine Months, Apollo 13, and Outbreak are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Species
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Forest Whitaker, Alfred Molina, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer André Morell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hound of the Baskervilles

1 I really like Inglourious Basterds, Fargo, Fight Club, Pan's Labyrinth, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Goodfellas, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	National Lampoon's Vacation
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, national lampoon, Harold Ramis, vacation, Randy Quaid
3 I prefer sports movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Caddyshack

1 Die Hard, Big Fish, Trainspotting, Braveheart, Rosemary's Baby, Life Is Beautiful, and Frankenstein are films I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Steam of Life
2 What else is that about?	Finnish, sauna
3 I prefer hiv movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fire in the Blood

1 Schindler's List, Swiss Family Robinson, The Wizard of Oz, The Old Man and the Sea, The Abyss, My Fellow Americans, and The Parent Trap are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Frank Oz movie.	The Indian in the Cupboard
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz

1 Aladdin, Toy Story, Peter Pan, The Karate Kid, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Forget Paris
2 Who does that star?	Billy Crystal, Joe Mantegna, Debra Winger, Cynthia Stevenson
3 I rate Cary Grant movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Lucky

1 The Matrix, The Wizard of Oz, The Virgin Suicides, Back to the Future, The Red Violin, Gangs of New York, and Edward Scissorhands are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Accused
2 What else is that about?	rape, Jodie Foster, Jonathan Kaplan
3 I like drummer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Whiplash

1 Million Dollar Baby and The Intouchables are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lives of Others
2 Who is that directed by?	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
3 I prefer Vicente Aranda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mad Love

1 Vanya on 42nd Street, Jean de Florette, The Piano, Get Shorty, Smoke, Leaving Las Vegas, and The Remains of the Day are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Catherine Deneuve movie.	Belle de Jour
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Luis Buñuel, Catherine Deneuve
3 I rate Susan Sarandon movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hunger

1 Seven Samurai, Citizen Kane, The Thin Blue Line, Apocalypse Now, The Usual Suspects, The Godfather, and Mary and Max are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Life of Pi
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, stranded, india, 3d, ocean, Ang Lee, shipwreck, boat, tiger
3 I prefer Shanghai movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lust, Caution

1 The Crow, The Blair Witch Project, Reservoir Dogs, Dark City, The Doors, Fight Club, and Ravenous are films I liked. I'm looking for a Juliette Lewis movie.	Kalifornia
2 Who is that directed by?	Dominic Sena
3 I prefer Garry Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Other Sister

1 I like Speed, The Firm, Forrest Gump, Ghost, Hoop Dreams, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Music movie.	The Lion King
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I prefer Thomas Carter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swing Kids

1 Due Date, Iron Man, Scream, Back to the Future, 1408, Aliens, and Starship Troopers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Virus movie.	Doomsday
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Virus, scotland, Mad Max
3 I like Gwyneth Paltrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Contagion

1 I love The Stunt Man, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Killer, The Graduate, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, To Die For, and Being There. I'm looking for a Shelley Winters movie.	The Night of the Hunter
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Mitchum, Charles Laughton
3 I like Irwin Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Poseidon Adventure

1 Beauty and the Beast, Alice in Wonderland, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Les Misérables, When Harry Met Sally..., and Toy Story 2 are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Whoopi Goldberg movie.	The Color Purple
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, spielberg, women, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I like directorial debut movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jumpin' Jack Flash

1 I really liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Big Sleep, The Lord of the Rings, The Godfather, Vertigo, The Maltese Falcon, and Superman. I'm looking for an Edward Dmytryk movie.	Murder, My Sweet
2 What else is that about?	Edward Dmytryk
3 I like saint movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Reluctant Saint

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Terminator, Goodfellas, Rear Window, Alien, The Godfather, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Unforgiven
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, Gene Hackman, best picture, Richard Harris, eastwood
3 I like Lee Marvin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cat Ballou

1 I like Vertigo, Schindler's List, A Clockwork Orange, The Godfather, Fantasia, The Shining, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 Who is that directed by?	Ingmar Bergman
3 I like Alberto Lattuada movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Overcoat

1 I loved Guardians of the Galaxy, The Great Escape, Everything Is Illuminated, There Will Be Blood, Ariel, North by Northwest, and Throne of Blood. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Spies Like Us
2 What else is that about?	Chevy Chase, John Landis
3 I rate Anthony Hopkins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bounty

1 The Princess Bride, Titanic, Stand by Me, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Aliens, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Casablanca are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trouble with the Curve

1 It's a Wonderful Life, Spider-Man, Gladiator, The Bridge on the River Kwai, L.A. Confidential, Die Hard, and Das Boot are movies I liked. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Enemy at the Gates
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, r, Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, Ed Harris, Sniper, Joseph Fiennes
3 I like Billy Crudup movies more. Do you know anything else?	Charlotte Gray

1 Stop Making Sense, Blade Runner, Boogie Nights, The Silence of the Lambs, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Three Kings, and Fight Club are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Sarah Jessica Parker movie.	Ed Wood
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Biography, Bill Murray, Tim Burton, biopic, b-movie, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Martin Landau, Ed Wood
3 I rate new york city movies. Any other suggestions?	Sex and the City

1 Big, The Mask of Zorro, Roman Holiday, Toy Story, The Black Stallion, West Side Story, and 12 Angry Men are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Miracle Worker
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Anne Bancroft, Arthur Penn
3 I like Ron Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rush

1 To Kill a Mockingbird, Chinatown, The Princess Bride, Annie Hall, The Graduate, Big, and Alien are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Negotiator
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Samuel L. Jackson, Kevin Spacey, 1, F. Gary Gray
3 I like Hugh Jackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swordfish

1 Rosemary's Baby, Memento, The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, 12 Angry Men, Pulp Fiction, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Event Horizon
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Sam Neill, Laurence Fishburne
3 I rate shark movies. Any other suggestions?	Jaws 2

1 Sling Blade, Everyone Says I Love You, The Godfather, The English Patient, Donnie Brasco, The Silence of the Lambs, and Jerry Maguire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Young Poisoner's Handbook
2 Who does that star?	Hugh O'Conor
3 I prefer Leo G. Carroll movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Strangers on a Train

1 Gone with the Wind, Tootsie, Edward Scissorhands, Little Women, Dead Poets Society, Brokeback Mountain, and Sleeping Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Little Man Tate
2 Who is that directed by?	Jodie Foster
3 I like Wally Pfister movies more. Do you know anything else?	Transcendence

1 I like The Lion King, While You Were Sleeping, The Firm, Mrs. Doubtfire, Toy Story, Dances with Wolves, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Aladdin movie.	Aladdin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements

1 Cold Mountain, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Dead Poets Society, The Exorcist, The Siege, and Gone with the Wind are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I rate Mary Boland movies. Any other suggestions?	Ruggles of Red Gap

1 Strictly Ballroom, Goodfellas, The Princess Bride, Patton, Glory, Henry V, and Brazil are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 What else is that about?	criterion, original, national film registry, death, dark humor, Hal Ashby, Ruth Gordon, Bud Cort, existentialist
3 I prefer Ken Kwapis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Beautician and the Beast

1 The Sting, Gattaca, Back to the Future, The Hunt for Red October, Back to the Future Part II, The Natural, and Somewhere in Time are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Fly
2 Who is that directed by?	Kurt Neumann
3 I like John Stockwell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Turistas

1 I really liked The Godfather, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Alien, Jurassic Park, The Last of the Mohicans, The Ghost and the Darkness, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mrs. Miniver
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, world war ii, british, england, library, William Wyler, Greer Garson, Teresa Wright
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Invictus

1 I loved Apocalypse Now, Wild Things, Titus, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Top Gun, Clerks, and Dangerous Liaisons. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, controversial, jesus, christian, biblical, jesus christ, scorsese
3 I rate video games movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wizard

1 Titanic, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The English Patient, The Sweet Hereafter, American Beauty, Shakespeare in Love, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Australia, Hugo Weaving, lgbt, Guy Pearce, drag, drag queens, Terence Stamp
3 I like australian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tomorrow, When the War Began

1 I loved The Great Escape, Aliens, The Social Network, True Grit, Crash, The Jerk, and Doctor Zhivago. I'm looking for an E.M. Forster movie.	A Passage to India
2 Who does that star?	Judy Davis, Peggy Ashcroft

1 I really like The Sixth Sense, Glory, Memento, The Silence of the Lambs, The Big Lebowski, The Godfather, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Kirsten Dunst movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 Who is that directed by?	Michel Gondry
3 I prefer Sam Raimi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spider-Man

1 I watched the films Nell, Coneheads, Beauty and the Beast, The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story, The Silence of the Lambs, and Dances with Wolves and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Judge Dredd
2 What else is that about?	comic book, Police, future, Sylvester Stallone, Rob Schneider, stallone, Danny Cannon
3 I like Russell Rouse movies more. Do you know anything else?	New York Confidential

1 The Last Samurai, The Dark Knight, Spider-Man, X-Men, Sherlock Holmes, Batman Begins, and Rise of the Planet of the Apes are films I liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Escape from the Planet of the Apes
2 Who does that star?	Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman

1 Vertigo, The Big Heat, Rear Window, Doctor Zhivago, Lolita, The Fountain, and The Seventh Continent are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Death Note
2 What else is that about?	japan
3 I prefer Akira Kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drunken Angel

1 Longtime Companion, Reservoir Dogs, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Gladiator, Shrek, Legend, and The Running Man are movies I like. I'm looking for a homosexuality movie.	Philadelphia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Tom Hanks, homosexuality, Denzel Washington, aids, homophobia, Jonathan Demme, demme
3 I prefer world war ii movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Imitation Game

1 Anna and the King, Amélie, Chocolat, Shine, Contact, Pearl Harbor, and Dersu Uzala are films I really liked. I'm looking for a psychiatrist movie.	K-PAX
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Spacey, Jeff Bridges, Alfre Woodard, Mary McCormack
3 I prefer Denzel Washington movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Antwone Fisher

1 Battle Royale, The Wrestler, Gummo, Bend It Like Beckham, Addams Family Values, True Grit, and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Machete
2 What else is that about?	Action, Robert De Niro, Robert Rodriguez, Jessica Alba, Steven Seagal, Lindsay Lohan, Danny Trejo, exploitation, Michelle Rodriguez, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I like Eva Mendes movies more. Do you know anything else?	2 Fast 2 Furious

1 The Mask, Die Hard, Short Cuts, Trainspotting, Philadelphia, Platoon, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fearless
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Bridges, Peter Weir, Isabella Rossellini
3 I like Love movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stuck in Love

1 The Pianist, Rain Man, Chicago, and Igby Goes Down are films I love. I'm looking for a Jean Negulesco movie.	How to Marry a Millionaire
2 Who is that directed by?	Jean Negulesco

1 Casablanca, The Blues Brothers, Knocked Up, Gladiator, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Last Samurai, and Iron Man are films I really like. I'm looking for a Humphrey Bogart movie.	Angels with Dirty Faces
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Curtiz
3 I rate Archie Mayo movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Legion

1 Excalibur, The Elephant Man, Powder, Mary Poppins, The Sting, My Left Foot, and Antz are films I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Funny Face
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Hepburn, Fred Astaire, Kay Thompson
3 I prefer Lucille Ball movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Best Foot Forward

1 I loved Close Encounters of the Third Kind, It's a Wonderful Life, Casablanca, The Player, Manhattan, Rear Window, and Clueless. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roman Holiday
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I prefer David Dhawan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mujhse Shaadi Karogi

1 The Quiet Man, Braveheart, Double Indemnity, The Jungle Book, The Fugitive, The Lion King, and North by Northwest are films I love. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	Men in Black
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, sequel, Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I rate Bruce Willis movies. Any other suggestions?	Surrogates

1 Airplane!, Apocalypse Now, Trading Places, Kagemusha, Inglourious Basterds, Oldboy, and Blazing Saddles are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki
3 I rate Daniel Barnz movies. Any other suggestions?	Beastly

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The World Is Not Enough, The Blues Brothers, Real Genius, Judge Dredd, Maverick, and Fletch are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bordello of Blood
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Miller, Erika Eleniak, Angie Everhart
3 I rate Joe Don Baker movies. Any other suggestions?	Fletch

1 North by Northwest, The Abyss, Ghostbusters, Heat, The Usual Suspects, Rocky, and Jaws are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, remade, Old, Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, J. Lee Thompson
3 I like Matt Dillon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Armored

1 The Way We Were, A Price Above Rubies, Key Largo, Shakespeare in Love, Run Lola Run, Buffalo '66, and A Star Is Born are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Born Yesterday
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Mandoki
3 I like Alexander Payne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sideways

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Ben-Hur, Pinocchio, Alien, Minority Report, Cinema Paradiso, and The Emperor's New Groove are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Leonor Watling movie.	Talk to Her
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar
3 I prefer Álex de la Iglesia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Oxford Murders

1 I really liked Strictly Ballroom, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Batman Returns, Airplane!, Grease, and Romeo + Juliet. I'm looking for a Fred Willard movie.	A Mighty Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Blazing Saddles, Super Troopers, and Hoosiers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kim Basinger movie.	The Natural
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Robert Redford, Glenn Close, Kim Basinger
3 I rate Jack Nicholson movies. Any other suggestions?	Batman

1 Das Boot, Taste of Cherry, The Sweet Hereafter, The Insider, Life Is Beautiful, Belle de Jour, and Taxi Driver are films I really like. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	Carnal Knowledge
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer antonioni movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passenger

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Fargo, Good Will Hunting, L.A. Story, French Kiss, Brazil, and Memento are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Accidental Tourist
2 Who does that star?	William Hurt, Geena Davis, Kathleen Turner
3 I like Jennifer Lopez movies more. Do you know anything else?	An Unfinished Life

1 Jaws, Cool Hand Luke, Deliverance, Philadelphia, Lone Star, A Few Good Men, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	Doctor Zhivago
2 What else is that about?	War, Epic, Revolution, Russian, russia, David Lean, Omar Sharif, Julie Christie
3 I like world war i movies more. Do you know anything else?	Legends of the Fall

1 I loved Videodrome, All the President's Men, Magnolia, The Birdcage, Mystic River, Double Indemnity, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Foxes movie.	Fantastic Mr. Fox
2 What else is that about?	Bill Murray, George Clooney, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Meryl Streep, Roald Dahl, Jason Schwartzman, Foxes

1 Bananas, 12 Angry Men, Local Hero, The Green Mile, Seven Days in May, My Cousin Vinny, and Lethal Weapon are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What Planet Are You From?
2 What else is that about?	Greg Kinnear, Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Russian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Window to Paris

1 Rear Window, My Fair Lady, South Pacific, My Cousin Vinny, Inherit the Wind, The Sound of Music, and Born Yesterday are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Katharine Hepburn movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, Ruth Hussey
3 I prefer Doug McKeon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On Golden Pond

1 Philadelphia, Dances with Wolves, Real Genius, Mallrats, The Shawshank Redemption, Chasing Amy, and Dead Poets Society are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Gary Oldman movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I like punk rock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sid and Nancy

1 I like Glory, Lord of Illusions, Saving Private Ryan, Jacob's Ladder, James and the Giant Peach, Forrest Gump, and The Prophecy. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Tobe Hooper
3 I prefer Burr Steers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	17 Again

1 Speed, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Dead Man Walking, Forrest Gump, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Hoop Dreams are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I rate Michael Kelly movies. Any other suggestions?	Changeling

1 Igby Goes Down, Rocky, The Andromeda Strain, Carlito's Way, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Donnie Darko, and Licence to Kill are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Serpico
2 What else is that about?	Police, Corruption, Al Pacino, Sidney Lumet
3 I like chase movies more. Do you know anything else?	Premium Rush

1 Air Force One, The Hunt for Red October, Crimson Tide, National Lampoon's Vacation, Apollo 13, Police Academy, and The Fugitive are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Ritchie movie.	Fletch
2 Who does that star?	Chevy Chase, Joe Don Baker
3 I rate Eddie Murphy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Golden Child

1 I love Men in Black II, Amélie, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, The Rock, Die Hard, Philadelphia, and Cast Away. I'm looking for a Jim Carrey movie.	Bruce Almighty
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Shadyac
3 I prefer Dean Parisot movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fun with Dick and Jane

1 I like Juno, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Happiness, Lost in Translation, Mulholland Drive, Drive, and Gummo. I'm looking for a War movie.	Das Boot
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Epic, German, Wolfgang Petersen, u-boat
3 I rate Glenn Close movies. Any other suggestions?	Anne Frank Remembered

1 I really like The Longest Day, Argo, It Could Happen to You, Beverly Hills Cop, Rocky, Die Hard, and Face/Off. I'm looking for a Revenge movie.	I Spit on Your Grave 2
2 What else is that about?	Revenge
3 I rate hong kong movies. Any other suggestions?	Vengeance

1 Thor, The Matrix, The Waterboy, School of Rock, Die Hard, Star Trek Into Darkness, and Ted are movies I like. I'm looking for an afghanistan movie.	Rambo III
2 What else is that about?	Action, War, afghanistan
3 I rate Rudyard Kipling movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man Who Would Be King

1 I like Aladdin, Inglourious Basterds, Kingdom of Heaven, Poltergeist, Finding Nemo, Mulan, and Dead Poets Society. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rio
2 Who is that directed by?	Carlos Saldanha
3 I rate Brian De Palma movies. Any other suggestions?	Hi, Mom!

1 The Dark Knight, Memento, The Social Network, Inception, Donnie Darko, The Prestige, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christopher Nolan movie.	Interstellar
2 What else is that about?	space, science fiction, long, Michael Caine, space travel, Christopher Nolan, Anne Hathaway, Matthew McConaughey, iceland, wormhole, 2014, Jessica Chastain, alberta
3 I rate Short movies. Any other suggestions?	Doodlebug

1 I really liked The Silence of the Lambs, Excalibur, Fantasia, Rain Man, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Pulp Fiction, and City of Angels. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	The Patriot
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apocalypto

1 I watched the films Phenomenon, Executive Decision, Twister, Matilda, Toy Story, Happy Gilmore, and The Nutty Professor and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	101 Dalmatians
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Herek
3 I prefer Paul Feig movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Heat

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Forrest Gump, The Piano, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pulp Fiction, Little Women, and The Remains of the Day are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Ed Wood
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Biography, Bill Murray, Tim Burton, biopic, b-movie, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Martin Landau, Ed Wood
3 I like Federico Fellini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fellini's Casanova

1 The Piano, Saving Private Ryan, The Bourne Identity, Little Miss Sunshine, Life Is Beautiful, Best in Show, and X-Men are films I liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I rate Saschka Unseld movies. Any other suggestions?	The Blue Umbrella

1 Forrest Gump, Flirting with Disaster, Much Ado About Nothing, Schindler's List, and Toy Story are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey
3 I rate Holiday movies. Any other suggestions?	A Christmas Story

1 I like Sling Blade, Menace II Society, In the Line of Fire, Unforgiven, The Player, The Kid Stays in the Picture, and Donnie Brasco. I'm looking for a Joe Carnahan movie.	Narc
2 What else is that about?	Police, Joe Carnahan
3 I like Lake Tahoe movies more. Do you know anything else?	Smokin' Aces

1 I really like Monster's Ball, The Matrix, The Grifters, Being John Malkovich, Ghost World, The Wrong Trousers, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Carl Weathers movie.	Predator
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers
3 I like Sylvester Stallone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rocky III

1 I really liked Mrs. Doubtfire and Babe. I'm looking for a Jeremy Irons movie.	The Lion King
2 What else is that about?	classic, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, africa, own, animated, animals, Matthew Broderick, hans zimmer, Jeremy Irons, lions, disney renaissance, Hamlet, Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I prefer Steven Soderbergh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kafka

1 I really liked The Silence of the Lambs, Delicatessen, Annie Hall, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for an Alan J. Pakula movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 Who does that star?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol
3 I rate Harrison Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	Presumed Innocent

1 I love The Untouchables, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Good Will Hunting, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a kubrick movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick

1 Cast Away, Fight Club, Brazil, Malcolm X, Nobody's Fool, Bicentennial Man, and American Beauty are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Family
2 Who does that star?	Edward James Olmos
3 I like John Gielgud movies more. Do you know anything else?	Caligula

1 25th Hour, Amélie, Donnie Brasco, Good Will Hunting, North by Northwest, Batman, and Taxi Driver are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Cast Away
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Drama, Tom Hanks, stranded, island, Robert Zemeckis
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Return to Oz

1 Private Parts, Forrest Gump, Striptease, City of Industry, Donnie Brasco, The Sound of Music, and Courage Under Fire are films I liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Best Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamra Davis
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I liked The Silence of the Lambs, American Beauty, The Castle, Forrest Gump, Office Space, Grosse Pointe Blank, and Blazing Saddles. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Strange Brew
2 What else is that about?	Rick Moranis
3 I prefer Mitchell Leisen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Arise, My Love

1 Apollo 13, Mr. Holland's Opus, To Die For, Outbreak, Schindler's List, Beautiful Girls, and Dolores Claiborne are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	The Crossing Guard
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Sean Penn
3 I prefer Rick Rosenthal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Boys

1 Full Metal Jacket, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Reservoir Dogs, Shaun of the Dead, Europa Europa, The Blues Brothers, and Trading Places are movies I love. I'm looking for a tony leung movie.	Infernal Affairs
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Police, story, remade, hong kong, foreign language, Andy Lau, tony leung
3 I prefer undercover cop movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hard Boiled

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Shadowlands, Schindler's List, The Man Without a Face, Nell, Apollo 13, and The Remains of the Day are movies I love. I'm looking for a Ralph Fiennes movie.	Quiz Show
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Redford
3 I rate Fernando Meirelles movies. Any other suggestions?	The Constant Gardener

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Matrix, Blade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Silence of the Lambs, Scream, and The Terminator are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American History X
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Kaye
3 I like John Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Grapes of Wrath

1 I love Pretty Woman, While You Were Sleeping, Sleepless in Seattle, Forrest Gump, Dances with Wolves, Clear and Present Danger, and Four Weddings and a Funeral. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ghost
2 Who is that directed by?	Jerry Zucker
3 I rate Peter Yates movies. Any other suggestions?	Krull

1 Swordfish, American Pie, X-Men, The Matrix, Braveheart, Blade II, and The Peacemaker are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Simply Irresistible
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Tarlov
3 I like Mike Newell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Four Weddings and a Funeral

1 Some Like It Hot, The Graduate, The Godfather, Ben-Hur, Life Is Beautiful, Singin' in the Rain, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for a Secrets movie.	The Falcon and the Snowman
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Timothy Hutton
3 I prefer Michael Angarano movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Little Secrets

1 I really like To Kill a Mockingbird, Sense and Sensibility, Roman Holiday, My Fair Lady, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, There's Something About Mary, and Much Ado About Nothing. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 What else is that about?	War, Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Alan J. Pakula
3 I like south africa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Catch a Fire

1 The Fugitive, Basic Instinct, Clear and Present Danger, Reservoir Dogs, In the Line of Fire, Dead Man Walking, and Philadelphia are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Malice
2 Who does that star?	Nicole Kidman, Alec Baldwin, Bill Pullman
3 I prefer Olga Kurylenko movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Erased

1 Aladdin, Tombstone, Taxi Driver, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, Dead Man Walking, and Stargate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Pierce Brosnan movie.	GoldenEye
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench
3 I rate Natalie Portman movies. Any other suggestions?	Mars Attacks!

1 Braveheart, Good Will Hunting, L.A. Confidential, Liar Liar, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, and There's Something About Mary are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, Polly Bergen
3 I prefer Xavier Dolan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tom at the Farm

1 Man on Fire, Elizabeth, King Kong, Philadelphia, Titanic, Crash, and Glory are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Marie Antoinette
2 What else is that about?	historical, Sofia Coppola
3 I prefer Nicole Kidman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dogville

1 I really like Outbreak, The Ref, Hannibal, Chocolat, The Godfather, French Kiss, and Titanic. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Thirteen
2 Who is that directed by?	Catherine Hardwicke
3 I rate Elia Kazan movies. Any other suggestions?	Pinky

1 American Beauty, American History X, Pulp Fiction, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	City of God
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, Crime, r, Epic, Brazil, foreign, rio de janeiro, favelas, Fernando Meirelles, Alice Braga, favela
3 I like David Thewlis movies more. Do you know anything else?	The New World

1 I watched the films Office Space, Hotel Rwanda, The Usual Suspects, American History X, Shakespeare in Love, The Shawshank Redemption, and Rushmore and loved them. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Tao of Steve
2 What else is that about?	r, new mexico
3 I rate Jennifer Connelly movies. Any other suggestions?	Blood Diamond

1 The Wizard of Oz, Taxi Driver, To Kill a Mockingbird, Casablanca, The 400 Blows, and All About Eve are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bank movie.	Dog Day Afternoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Sidney Lumet
3 I prefer Richard Loncraine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Firewall

1 Das Boot, The Dirty Dozen, Escape from New York, Men in Black, Platoon, Patton, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Carl Weathers movie.	Predator
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Alien, Carl Weathers, Predator, John McTiernan, jesse ventura, the story
3 I rate tony burton movies. Any other suggestions?	Rocky IV

1 Modern Times, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Gold Rush, Top Gun, The Silence of the Lambs, Brazil, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jim Henson movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 What else is that about?	muppets, cameos, Jim Henson, kermit
3 I prefer new york city movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Muppets Take Manhattan

1 I watched the films Hoop Dreams, Cinema Paradiso, Ed Wood, Bound, The Silence of the Lambs, Citizen Kane, and As Good as It Gets and loved them. I'm looking for a Radha Mitchell movie.	High Art
2 What else is that about?	Radha Mitchell, Lisa Cholodenko, Ally Sheedy
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Surrogates

1 That Thing You Do!, Tin Cup, Bio-Dome, Grumpier Old Men, Kingpin, Space Jam, and The Nutty Professor are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Executive Decision
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Baird
3 I like Mikael Håfström movies more. Do you know anything else?	Escape Plan

1 Lethal Weapon 3, Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, 10 Things I Hate About You, Mrs. Doubtfire, Black Sheep, Big Daddy, and Billy Madison are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Vegas Vacation
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Kessler
3 I rate Ere Kokkonen movies. Any other suggestions?	Uuno Turhapuro

1 I really liked The Blues Brothers, Almost Famous, The Evil Dead, and Stand by Me. I'm looking for a Charles Bukowski movie.	Barfly
2 Who does that star?	Mickey Rourke, Faye Dunaway
3 I rate Matt Dillon movies. Any other suggestions?	Factotum

1 Dawn of the Dead, Delicatessen, Shaun of the Dead, Donnie Darko, The Lives of Others, Rear Window, and 12 Angry Men are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Seven Samurai
2 What else is that about?	Drama, japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, 4, seven
3 I like Jean Renoir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swamp Water

1 I watched the films Dancer in the Dark, Life Is Beautiful, Doubt, Kramer vs. Kramer, Control Room, Jaws, and Rocky and loved them. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Parineeta
2 Who is that directed by?	Pradeep Sarkar
3 I like Victor Saville movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tonight and Every Night

1 I liked Lost Highway, The Crucible, Raise the Red Lantern, Cookie's Fortune, Lawrence of Arabia, Seven Samurai, and Ran. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Short Cuts
2 What else is that about?	ensemble cast, los angeles, Julianne Moore, Tom Waits, Robert Altman, altman
3 I prefer dogs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	White God

1 I loved Fantasia, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Scream, The Wrong Trousers, Toy Story 2, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Christina Ricci movie.	Sleepy Hollow
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Johnny Depp, r, Tim Burton, Christina Ricci
3 I rate Vincent Gallo movies. Any other suggestions?	Buffalo '66

1 Catch Me If You Can, Good Will Hunting, Ice Age, What Lies Beneath, Forrest Gump, A Beautiful Mind, and Army of Darkness are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism
3 I prefer Mark Wahlberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Heart Huckabees

1 I love Eat Drink Man Woman, Boogie Nights, Central Station, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an organized crime movie.	Goodfellas
2 What else is that about?	Crime, organized crime, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, book, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci
3 I prefer Sergio Leone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Time in America

1 I really like The Usual Suspects, The Magnificent Seven, The Big Lebowski, Notting Hill, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Man on Fire, and Casino. I'm looking for a Bernie Mac movie.	The Original Kings of Comedy
2 What else is that about?	Bernie Mac
3 I rate George Clooney movies. Any other suggestions?	Ocean's Twelve

1 Out of Sight, Pulp Fiction, The Right Stuff, Moonstruck, The Invisible Man, Arthur, and The Mexican are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	Albino Alligator
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Bronx Tale

1 Doctor Zhivago, Manhattan, About a Boy, A Clockwork Orange, Tin Men, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Little Voice are films I like. I'm looking for a Nia Vardalos movie.	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2 Who does that star?	Nia Vardalos
3 I like Alistair McGowan movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Life in Ruins

1 I loved Clockwise, The Fast and the Furious, The Sound of Music, Fools Rush In, Ladyhawke, Soylent Green, and Beverly Hills Cop II. I'm looking for a Howard Hawks movie.	Monkey Business
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks

1 I watched the films The Usual Suspects, Oldboy, Forrest Gump, City of God, Schindler's List, Goodfellas, and Fight Club and loved them. I'm looking for a tarantino movie.	The Inglorious Bastards
2 What else is that about?	tarantino
3 I rate Mary Elizabeth Winstead movies. Any other suggestions?	Death Proof

1 The Wizard of Oz, High Fidelity, Mary Poppins, Pulp Fiction, Grosse Pointe Blank, Fahrenheit 9/11, and Miracle on 34th Street are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Aaron Eckhart movie.	Thank You for Smoking
2 Who does that star?	Aaron Eckhart
3 I prefer Helena Bonham Carter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conversations with Other Women

1 I really liked The Wizard of Oz, The Big Lebowski, Psycho, Schindler's List, City of God, Apocalypse Now, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Kelly Macdonald movie.	Trainspotting
2 Who does that star?	Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd
3 I rate Bill Nighy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl in the Café

1 My Left Foot, The Fifth Element, The Killing Fields, Schindler's List, A Grand Day Out, Magnolia, and Stargate are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Chicken Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park, Peter Lord
3 I like George Roy Hill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Period of Adjustment

1 I love Galaxy Quest, The Usual Suspects, Back to the Future, American Beauty, Unbreakable, Spider-Man 2, and Ghostbusters. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Vanilla Sky
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Thriller, r, remake, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Cameron Diaz, Cameron Crowe
3 I like James Ivory movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Room with a View

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Hud, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Marathon Man, The Hustler, and Misery are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Prince of Tides
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Nick Nolte
3 I prefer Demi Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Half Light

1 Holiday Inn, Schindler's List, The Postman, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Terminator, Roman Holiday, and The Phantom of the Opera are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Princess and the Frog
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, disney, fairy tale, story, 1920s, John Goodman, new orleans, louisiana, Princess, G, Prince, Ron Clements, frog, Terrence Howard, John Musker, Keith David
3 I rate George Pal movies. Any other suggestions?	7 Faces of Dr. Lao

1 I like The Bourne Identity, Back to the Future Part II, Unleashed, The 6th Day, Avatar, The Butterfly Effect, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I prefer art movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Bucket of Blood

1 Little Big Man, Out of Africa, American Beauty, Farewell My Concubine, Hamlet, Apollo 13, and Alice in Wonderland are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I like Brittany Murphy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ramen Girl

1 The Sting, Schindler's List, Back to the Future, Apocalypse Now, Swordfish, Caddyshack, and Forrest Gump are films I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Zemeckis movie.	Back to the Future Part III
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis

1 I liked Toy Story, A Christmas Carol, The Killing Fields, Platoon, Gone with the Wind, Richard III, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I prefer Ralph Graves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Flying Fleet

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Casablanca, West Side Story, The Sting, Shakespeare in Love, The Graduate, and Gone with the Wind are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Bob Rafelson movie.	Five Easy Pieces
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Karen Black
3 I like Arnold Schwarzenegger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stay Hungry

1 I love Life Is Beautiful, The Social Network, Toy Story 3, Transformers, The Fast and the Furious, The Usual Suspects, and Fast Five. I'm looking for a Zach Galifianakis movie.	The Hangover Part II
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Jared Drake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Visioneers

1 I watched the films A Bug's Life, Gattaca, Forbidden Planet, The Wrong Trousers, Blade Runner, Back to the Future, and The City of Lost Children and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Army of Darkness
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Raimi
3 I rate Michael Crichton movies. Any other suggestions?	Westworld

1 The Godfather, American History X, Heat, The Wizard of Oz, Office Space, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Princess Bride are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Goodfellas
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Julian Gilbey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rise of the Footsoldier

1 Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Brazil, The Princess Bride, The Matrix, Die Hard, Fight Club, and Blade Runner are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Pitch Black
2 Who does that star?	Vin Diesel, Radha Mitchell, Keith David, Cole Hauser
3 I rate Chuck Norris movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hitman

1 I loved Peter Pan, Top Hat, It Came from Outer Space, Double Indemnity, The Guns of Navarone, Little Shop of Horrors, and Romancing the Stone. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beat the Devil
2 Who is that directed by?	John Huston
3 I prefer Aki Kaurismäki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hamlet Goes Business

1 Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, In the Company of Men, Brazil, Delicatessen, Reservoir Dogs, Memento, and Being John Malkovich are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Fly
2 What else is that about?	remade
3 I like Devil movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Exorcism

1 Strictly Ballroom, To Die For, Bulworth, Speed, Red Rock West, The Opposite of Sex, and Chasing Amy are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Rapture
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Tolkin
3 I like Ted Tetzlaff movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Dangerous Profession

1 Throne of Blood, To Kill a Mockingbird, Modern Times, Vertigo, Once Upon a Time in the West, Network, and Taxi Driver are movies I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Pawnbroker
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, holocaust, Sidney Lumet
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cobweb

1 Kiss of the Spider Woman, My Favorite Year, Annie Hall, The Perez Family, Uncle Buck, The Long Walk Home, and Eraserhead are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Splash
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, John Candy, Eugene Levy
3 I like Tony Randall movies more. Do you know anything else?	7 Faces of Dr. Lao

1 The Mask, To Catch a Thief, Inglourious Basterds, I Am Legend, The Usual Suspects, Batman, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Larry Clark movie.	Kids
2 What else is that about?	drugs, new york city, teen, teenagers, Rosario Dawson, Harmony Korine, Larry Clark

1 The Negotiator, Notting Hill, Jurassic Park, With Honors, Aladdin, Dances with Wolves, and Runaway Bride are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Rosie O'Donnell movie.	Tarzan
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Buck, Kevin Lima
3 I rate Lesli Linka Glatter movies. Any other suggestions?	Now and Then

1 I really liked Citizen Kane, Casablanca, 8½, High Noon, Duck Soup, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, and The 39 Steps. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Holiday
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Cary Grant, George Cukor, Katharine Hepburn
3 I prefer Western movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man of the West

1 The 40-Year-Old Virgin, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Top Gun, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, Denholm Elliott, Alison Doody
3 I rate Akshaye Khanna movies. Any other suggestions?	Aakrosh

1 The English Patient, Mrs. Doubtfire, Taxi Driver, The Shawshank Redemption, Drugstore Cowboy, The Doors, and Being John Malkovich are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I like Richard Gere movies more. Do you know anything else?	Primal Fear

1 The Matrix, A Beautiful Mind, Chocolat, Being John Malkovich, Fatal Attraction, A Clockwork Orange, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Alyson Hannigan movie.	American Pie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, teen, virginity, Seann William Scott, Alyson Hannigan, Jason Biggs, Chris Weitz, Shannon Elizabeth, Chris Klein
3 I rate parody movies. Any other suggestions?	Date Movie

1 The Apostle, Children of a Lesser God, The Deer Hunter, On Golden Pond, The Pawnbroker, Little Man Tate, and Dancer in the Dark are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Woman of the Year
2 Who does that star?	Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy
3 I prefer Cathy Moriarty movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raging Bull

1 I really like The Wizard of Oz, Paths of Glory, Metropolis, Babes in Toyland, Father of the Bride, Strangers on a Train, and Forbidden Planet. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Swing Time

1 The Remains of the Day, The Silence of the Lambs, Strawberry and Chocolate, Before the Rain, Shallow Grave, Pinocchio, and Taxi Driver are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Family
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Nava
3 I rate Ridley Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	American Gangster

1 I liked Fargo, Raging Bull, Apocalypse Now, Shakespeare in Love, The 39 Steps, True Romance, and Fearless. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer Matthias Glasner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Free Will

1 The Long Kiss Goodnight, Duck Soup, The Usual Suspects, Leaving Las Vegas, Braveheart, The Wrong Trousers, and Ed Wood are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fran Kranz movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Joss Whedon, Fran Kranz, Amy Acker
3 I rate satire movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cabin in the Woods

1 Mystery Train, Even Dwarfs Started Small, Stroszek, Plan 9 from Outer Space, Reservoir Dogs, Evil Dead II, and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre are films I really like. I'm looking for an amazon movie.	Cannibal Holocaust
2 What else is that about?	Italian, found footage, amazon
3 I like German movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aguirre, the Wrath of God

1 I like Fearless, The Full Monty, The General, House of Games, A Simple Plan, North by Northwest, and The African Queen. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Birdy
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I rate Roberto Faenza movies. Any other suggestions?	Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You

1 I liked Crimes and Misdemeanors, Sleepless in Seattle, Cinema Paradiso, Local Hero, Good Morning, Vietnam, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an Otto Preminger movie.	The Man with the Golden Arm
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Frank Sinatra, Otto Preminger
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man with the Golden Arm

1 The Wolf of Wall Street, The Royal Tenenbaums, Carlito's Way, Goodfellas, No Country for Old Men, Dreams, and The Last Emperor are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mark Ruffalo movie.	My Life Without Me
2 What else is that about?	r, Mark Ruffalo, Isabel Coixet
3 I prefer Bennett Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Foxcatcher

1 I liked Manhattan, Far from Heaven, Bowling for Columbine, The Big Heat, Say Anything..., Cinema Paradiso, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	An American in Paris
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Leslie Caron, Oscar Levant, Georges Guétary
3 I rate Louis Jourdan movies. Any other suggestions?	Gigi

1 The Wizard of Oz, When Harry Met Sally..., The Princess Bride, American Beauty, Fargo, As Good as It Gets, and Babe are films I like. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 What else is that about?	Short, Billy Bob Thornton, short film, Molly Ringwald, George Hickenlooper
3 I rate Sylvain Chomet movies. Any other suggestions?	The Old Lady and the Pigeons

1 Reservoir Dogs, American Beauty, Mumford, Citizen Kane, Babe, Pulp Fiction, and Evita are movies I really like. I'm looking for an animated movie.	The Prince of Egypt
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, animated, biblical, dreamworks, Ralph Fiennes, Steve Martin, egypt, Michelle Pfeiffer, hans zimmer, Martin Short, Prince, moses
3 I rate Don Bluth movies. Any other suggestions?	The Land Before Time

1 I really like Serenity, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Fight Club, The Killing, The Usual Suspects, Raising Arizona, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Juno
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, original, teen, pregnancy, Ellen Page, Michael Cera, Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner, teenager, Jason Reitman
3 I prefer Christian Slater movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Untamed Heart

1 Lost Highway, Dogma, The Sweet Hereafter, The King's Speech, Rosemary's Baby, Much Ado About Nothing, and Donnie Darko are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Misery
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Claude Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Deadly Circuit

1 Glory, Big Daddy, Beaches, Aladdin, Music of the Heart, Bull Durham, and The Blues Brothers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ice Castles
2 What else is that about?	figure skating
3 I like japan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Departures

1 The Perfect Storm, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Rock, Saving Private Ryan, Demolition Man, The Substitute, and Doctor Dolittle are films I really like. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	F/X2
2 What else is that about?	sequel
3 I rate diary movies. Any other suggestions?	Bridget Jones's Diary

1 Hoop Dreams, La Haine, Underground, Sleepless in Seattle, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Braveheart, and Citizen Kane are movies I really like. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	Cobb
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Shelton
3 I like Bennett Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moneyball

1 The Truman Show, Dead Poets Society, Citizen Kane, The Godfather, The Wizard of Oz, The Graduate, and North by Northwest are movies I love. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	All Quiet on the Western Front
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone
3 I rate Abraham Polonsky movies. Any other suggestions?	Force of Evil

1 I like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Dolores Claiborne, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Dune, The Natural, The Breakfast Club, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a James Cameron movie.	Strange Days
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, Ralph Fiennes, strange, James Cameron, Juliette Lewis, Angela Bassett, Kathryn Bigelow
3 I rate Submarine movies. Any other suggestions?	The Abyss

1 Forrest Gump, Gladiator, Training Day, Garden State, The Dark Knight, American History X, and Into the Wild are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Million Dollar Baby
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, sports, Clint Eastwood, boxing, Hilary Swank
3 I rate Bob Balaban movies. Any other suggestions?	No Reservations

1 L.A. Confidential, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Groundhog Day, Blade Runner, In the Line of Fire, Ninotchka, and Apollo 13 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Walter Lang movie.	The Little Princess
2 Who does that star?	Shirley Temple
3 I prefer Katharine Hepburn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Desk Set

1 Forrest Gump, Amélie, Fight Club, Backdraft, Assassins, American Beauty, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a boston movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I like directorial debut movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ted

1 I like Blues Brothers 2000, Braveheart, The Corruptor, Frequency, Remember the Titans, Grosse Pointe Blank, and Twister. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Beyond the Mat
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry W. Blaustein
3 I like Martha Shane movies more. Do you know anything else?	After Tiller

1 I liked The Man Who Would Be King, Midnight Run, Psycho, The Hidden, Dances with Wolves, Duck Soup, and Marathon Man. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toys
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I rate Harold Ramis movies. Any other suggestions?	Year One

1 Casablanca, The Hours, Forrest Gump, The Lives of Others, MASH, The Shawshank Redemption, and Vertigo are films I loved. I'm looking for a James Cagney movie.	One, Two, Three
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, cold war, berlin, Billy Wilder, James Cagney
3 I like Musical movies more. Do you know anything else?	The West Point Story

1 Braveheart, Spaceballs, The Princess Bride, The Usual Suspects, Bowling for Columbine, Fight Club, and American History X are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Crash
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Haggis
3 I like Nicholas Jarecki movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arbitrage

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Sleepless in Seattle, Cliffhanger, The Shawshank Redemption, The Client, The Fugitive, and The Birdcage are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bad Boys
2 Who is that directed by?	Rick Rosenthal
3 I prefer Elissa Down movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Black Balloon

1 I really liked My Best Friend's Wedding, Erin Brockovich, X-Men, Field of Dreams, Valdez Is Coming, The Last Seduction, and Barbarosa. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Code of Silence
2 What else is that about?	Police, Chicago, Chuck Norris
3 I prefer Biography movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Capone

1 I watched the films Primary Colors, The Red Violin, Boys Don't Cry, The Crying Game, American Beauty, Memento, and Sweet and Lowdown and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waking the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Drama
3 I prefer Jude Law movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Music from Another Room

1 I watched the films Meet the Parents, Home Alone, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Cast Away, Young Frankenstein, American Pie 2, and Titanic and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Swordfish
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Hugh Jackman, John Travolta, hacking, Don Cheadle, Halle Berry, Vinnie Jones, Dominic Sena
3 I like Megan Fox movies more. Do you know anything else?	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Blues Brothers, Scarface, Old School, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, There's Something About Mary, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a rotoscoping movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Epic, animated, Wizards, tolkien, high fantasy, adaptation, rotoscoping, hobbits, lord of the rings, Ralph Bakshi

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, Toy Story, Rumble in the Bronx, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Pulp Fiction, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The American President
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Harold Becker movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Town

1 Hoop Dreams, Sullivan's Travels, The Sting, Strange Days, The Iron Giant, Metropolis, and The Abyss are movies I love. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	The Mosquito Coast
2 What else is that about?	Harrison Ford, jungle, River Phoenix, central america
3 I prefer rock and roll movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Graffiti

1 The Paper Chase, The Sixth Sense, Sense and Sensibility, Four Weddings and a Funeral, My Cousin Vinny, Sleepless in Seattle, and As Good as It Gets are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	North by Northwest
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I rate John Dahl movies. Any other suggestions?	Unforgettable

1 I loved Beetlejuice, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Some Like It Hot, Pan's Labyrinth, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Miss Congeniality, and The Machinist. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Waterworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Reynolds
3 I prefer Paco Cabezas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rage

1 I like The Abyss, WarGames, Animal Farm, Moonraker, Stand by Me, The Rock, and Alien. I'm looking for a J. Lee Thompson movie.	Ice Cold in Alex
2 What else is that about?	J. Lee Thompson, John Mills
3 I prefer Gregory Peck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cape Fear

1 Son in Law, Liar Liar, The Matrix, 10 Things I Hate About You, A Bug's Life, Serial Mom, and Doctor Dolittle are films I love. I'm looking for a Jeff Daniels movie.	Trial and Error
2 What else is that about?	Charlize Theron, Jeff Daniels, Michael Richards
3 I rate Robert Duvall movies. Any other suggestions?	Gods and Generals

1 I watched the films Fargo, Braveheart, Desperado, The Sixth Sense, Highlander, Speed, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	G.I. Jane
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott, Demi Moore
3 I prefer island movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Return

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Chungking Express, Blue Velvet, Primer, Modern Times, Magnolia, and Inherit the Wind are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Getaway
2 Who does that star?	Steve McQueen, Ben Johnson, Ali MacGraw, Sally Struthers
3 I rate Emil Chau movies. Any other suggestions?	Gorgeous

1 Top Gun, Life Is Beautiful, Toy Story 2, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt, James L. Brooks, nicholson
3 I rate murder movies. Any other suggestions?	Clue

1 I liked Memento, The Butterfly Effect, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Pulp Fiction, Oldboy, American Beauty, and Lord of War. I'm looking for a Juan José Campanella movie.	The Secret in Their Eyes
2 Who does that star?	Ricardo Darín, Soledad Villamil
3 I rate Norma Aleandro movies. Any other suggestions?	Son of the Bride

1 Gladiator, Johnny Mnemonic, Bad Boys, The Firm, Men in Black, The Jackal, and The Hunt for Red October are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shaft
2 What else is that about?	remake, Christian Bale, Samuel L. Jackson, blaxploitation, John Singleton
3 I prefer David Mamet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Untouchables

1 I watched the films Life of Pi, Reservoir Dogs, The Green Mile, Looper, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Django Unchained, and The Help and loved them. I'm looking for a nazis movie.	Black Book
2 Who does that star?	Sebastian Koch, Carice van Houten, Thom Hoffman, Halina Reijn
3 I rate Adolf Hitler movies. Any other suggestions?	Triumph of the Will

1 Forrest Gump and The Fugitive are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I like Dick Bartlett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss

1 The Princess Bride, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Singin' in the Rain, Shrek, The Truman Show, Logan's Run, and Blade Runner are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	What Dreams May Come
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, Richard Matheson, matheson, Heaven, Vincent Ward
3 I like Gary Ross movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pleasantville

1 Dawn of the Dead, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Army of Darkness, Goodfellas, The Getaway, The Return of the Pink Panther, and Evil Dead II are films I like. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	Revenge of the Pink Panther
2 What else is that about?	Peter Sellers
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ladykillers

1 Hero, Pulp Fiction, and The Matrix are films I loved. I'm looking for a courtesan movie.	Moulin Rouge!
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Paris, France, Ewan McGregor, Nicole Kidman, australian, Baz Luhrmann, courtesan
3 I rate Oliver Platt movies. Any other suggestions?	Dangerous Beauty

1 Beauty and the Beast, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, Legends of the Fall, While You Were Sleeping, and The Firm are films I loved. I'm looking for a Rob Schneider movie.	Judge Dredd
2 What else is that about?	comic book, Police, future, Sylvester Stallone, Rob Schneider, stallone, Danny Cannon
3 I prefer Kevin James movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grown Ups

1 I liked MASH, You Can Count on Me, The Royal Tenenbaums, Manhattan, The Silence of the Lambs, The Philadelphia Story, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bottle Rocket
2 What else is that about?	Crime, directorial debut, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Luke Wilson
3 I prefer Jamie Kennedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Malibu's Most Wanted

1 Witness for the Prosecution, Brazil, A Close Shave, Traffic, Cinema Paradiso, Apocalypse Now, and Saving Private Ryan are films I love. I'm looking for a James Belushi movie.	Salvador
2 What else is that about?	Oliver Stone, James Belushi, James Woods
3 I prefer Rod Daniel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	K-9

1 Sabrina, The Craft, A Time to Kill, The Rock, Eye for an Eye, and Broken Arrow are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	All Dogs Go to Heaven 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Sabella, Larry Leker
3 I rate David Bowers movies. Any other suggestions?	Flushed Away

1 The Fast and the Furious, Primal Fear, The Shawshank Redemption, X-Men, The Goonies, Back to the Future, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Waterboy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, Rob Schneider, Kathy Bates, Fairuza Balk, Henry Winkler, Frank Coraci
3 I like carnival movies more. Do you know anything else?	Splinterheads

1 True Romance, In the Name of the Father, Bed of Roses, Malice, Schindler's List, Legends of the Fall, and In the Line of Fire are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Love Got to Do with It
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Gibson
3 I prefer Tyler Perry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Can Do Bad All by Myself

1 I love Species, Friday the 13th, Puppet Master 4, RocketMan, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, The Ring, and The Howling. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Warlock
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Miner
3 I prefer William Friedkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Guardian

1 The Godfather and Gone with the Wind are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I prefer Mario Monicelli movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An Average Little Man

1 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Beauty and the Beast, Lost in Translation, Children of Men, The Silence of the Lambs, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Fall are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Drama, satire, Music, cinematography, r, sexuality, story, Love, Kevin Spacey, cynical, own, midlife crisis, 3, Sam Mendes, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, beauty, Mena Suvari, mid-life crisis, Allison Janney
3 I like berlin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lives of Others

1 Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	Outbreak
2 Who is that directed by?	Wolfgang Petersen

1 I really liked Boys Don't Cry, Psycho, Microcosmos, A League of Their Own, Primal Fear, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Cousin Vinny
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, murder, courtroom, lawyers, court, lawyer, Marisa Tomei, Joe Pesci, Trial, law, alabama, Ralph Macchio, Jonathan Lynn
3 I rate Seth Green movies. Any other suggestions?	Idle Hands

1 Taxi Driver, Girl, Interrupted, The Matrix, Ghost World, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Office Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wag the Dog
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black comedy, Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman, David Mamet, president, Election, Barry Levinson, fake
3 I prefer John Candy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Volunteers

1 I watched the films From Here to Eternity, Rashomon, The Godfather, A Bug's Life, Aliens, Best in Show, and All About Eve and loved them. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Friday the 13th Part 2
2 What else is that about?	franchise, murder, jason
3 I like Hitchcock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rear Window

1 Mulholland Drive, Dirty Harry, The Third Man, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Great Escape, Vertigo, and Alien are films I really like. I'm looking for a marx brothers movie.	A Night at the Opera
2 Who does that star?	Harpo Marx, Groucho Marx, Chico Marx, Kitty Carlisle
3 I rate Tony Martin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Store

1 The Sixth Sense, Duck Soup, Ladyhawke, Titanic, Casablanca, Gladiator, and Angela's Ashes are movies I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Flashdance
2 What else is that about?	Music, soundtrack, 1980s, dance, 80s
3 I prefer Jim Carrey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Copper Mountain

1 Fight Club, Zoolander, Shoot 'Em Up, Children of Men, Princess Mononoke, The Mummy, and Brotherhood of the Wolf are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Troy
2 What else is that about?	Action, War, r, Brad Pitt, Epic, Orlando Bloom, Eric Bana, Peter O'Toole, Wolfgang Petersen, Homer
3 I prefer Steve Carell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Horton Hears a Who!

1 I loved Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Terms of Endearment, Animal House, Saving Private Ryan, When Harry Met Sally..., and Gone with the Wind. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	About Schmidt
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, Road Trip, Jack Nicholson, death, Life, Alexander Payne
3 I prefer Bob Rafelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Five Easy Pieces

1 I watched the films The Fugitive, Jurassic Park, The Client, Beauty and the Beast, Braveheart, The Lion King, and Batman Forever and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I prefer Archie Mayo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Svengali

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Metropolis, It's a Wonderful Life, Titanic, All About My Mother, Miracle on 34th Street, and Back to the Future Part III are films I love. I'm looking for a Sabotage movie.	Saboteur
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock

1 I really liked Marathon Man, M, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Amélie, North by Northwest, Little Big Man, and No Country for Old Men. I'm looking for a political thriller movie.	Z
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, politics, Greek, political thriller
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Z

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, True Lies, Aladdin, First Knight, The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I rate John Carpenter movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Trouble in Little China

1 I watched the films Legally Blonde, Almost Famous, What Planet Are You From?, Rules of Engagement, Pretty Woman, Rain Man, and The Nutty Professor and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Low Down Dirty Shame
2 Who is that directed by?	Keenen Ivory Wayans
3 I prefer Wes Craven movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cursed

1 Vertigo, 8½, Office Space, A Clockwork Orange, Miller's Crossing, The Usual Suspects, and Broadcast News are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Eraserhead
2 Who does that star?	Jeanne Bates, Jack Nance, Charlotte Stewart
3 I like Margaret Wycherly movies more. Do you know anything else?	White Heat

1 The Fifth Element, The Royal Tenenbaums, Casino Royale, Best in Show, Castle in the Sky, Sin City, and Whale Rider are films I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Despicable Me
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Steve Carell, 3d, Jason Segel, Moon, minions, Chris Renaud, main character
3 I like Tim Burton movies more. Do you know anything else?	James and the Giant Peach

1 Heathers, The Right Stuff, Being John Malkovich, Blade Runner, Some Kind of Wonderful, Brazil, and Sex, Lies, and Videotape are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Someone to Watch Over Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I like Guy Ritchie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels

1 I watched the films Deep Blue Sea, Princess Mononoke, House of Flying Daggers, Requiem for a Dream, For a Few Dollars More, Romeo and Juliet, and Spirited Away and loved them. I'm looking for a cult film movie.	Kin-dza-dza!
2 What else is that about?	cult film
3 I like Alex Cox movies more. Do you know anything else?	Repo Man

1 Training Day, Die Hard, Shaun of the Dead, Home Alone, Hot Fuzz, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and Sherlock Holmes are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meet the Fockers
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman, Jay Roach, Teri Polo
3 I prefer Neil Patrick Harris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 Singin' in the Rain, Aladdin, My Fair Lady, Breakfast at Tiffany's, To Die For, Annie Hall, and Taxi Driver are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Rohit Shetty movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chennai Express

1 10 Things I Hate About You, The Usual Suspects, Much Ado About Nothing, Say Anything..., To Kill a Mockingbird, The Red Violin, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a Nicholas Ray movie.	Party Girl
2 What else is that about?	Nicholas Ray
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	In a Lonely Place

1 I really liked The Fox and the Hound, Casino, Hot Fuzz, Unbreakable, The Lost Weekend, Red Dragon, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a Ted Demme movie.	Blow
2 What else is that about?	cocaine, Ted Demme
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life

1 I really like Serenity, Tangled, The King and I, Sliding Doors, Finding Neverland, Singin' in the Rain, and My Fair Lady. I'm looking for a Vincente Minnelli movie.	Meet Me in St. Louis
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Vincente Minnelli, Mary Astor
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bad and the Beautiful

1 A Close Shave, Young Frankenstein, The Crow, Armageddon, Schindler's List, Chicken Run, and Good Morning, Vietnam are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, national film registry, cult, Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gentlemen of Fortune

1 Howl's Moving Castle, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Frida, Dead Man, Winter Light, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and I Shot Andy Warhol are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Pee-wee's Big Adventure
2 Who does that star?	Paul Reubens, Elizabeth Daily, Mark Holton, Diane Salinger
3 I rate Liam Neeson movies. Any other suggestions?	Wrath of the Titans

1 The Patriot, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Sting, Forrest Gump, Lawrence of Arabia, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 What else is that about?	William Friedkin
3 I rate basketball movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Chips

1 I really liked The Crow, Miracle on 34th Street, Ed Wood, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Apollo 13, The Lion King, and The Piano. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Whole Nine Yards

1 I love Rebel Without a Cause, Goodfellas, The Thin Blue Line, The Last Picture Show, To Kill a Mockingbird, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and There's Something About Mary. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	Bull Durham
2 What else is that about?	sports, baseball, Kevin Costner, Tim Robbins, Ron Shelton
3 I rate Brian Helgeland movies. Any other suggestions?	42

1 I like The Others, Into the Wild, American Psycho, The Cabin in the Woods, Lord of War, The Exorcist, and Death Proof. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I rate Ben Foster movies. Any other suggestions?	Pandorum

1 I liked The Help, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Hotel Rwanda, Patch Adams, Juno, Beauty and the Beast, and The Social Network. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Treasure Planet
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I rate Roland Emmerich movies. Any other suggestions?	Stargate

1 I like The Matrix, The Shining, Independence Day, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Inglourious Basterds, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a College movie.	American Pie 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, sequel, teen, College
3 I rate fraternity movies. Any other suggestions?	Revenge of the Nerds

1 The Way We Were, The Grifters, Atlantic City, The Usual Suspects, Shane, In the Bedroom, and Cape Fear are movies I like. I'm looking for a Nora Roberts movie.	High Noon
2 What else is that about?	Nora Roberts

1 Casablanca, Schindler's List, The Usual Suspects, The Wrong Trousers, Titanic, The Truman Show, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Arlington Road
2 What else is that about?	r, terrorism, Jeff Bridges
3 I like François Ozon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Water Drops on Burning Rocks

1 The Last Picture Show, Gone with the Wind, The Shawshank Redemption, Miracle on 34th Street, Raging Bull, The Great Santini, and On the Waterfront are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	How Green Was My Valley
2 What else is that about?	John Ford, Welsh
3 I prefer Forest Whitaker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Debaters

1 Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, The Game, and A Close Shave are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Italian Job
2 What else is that about?	Action, remake, Edward Norton, Heist, Jason Statham, Mark Wahlberg, Charlize Theron, Italian, Donald Sutherland, venice, Seth Green, Gold, F. Gary Gray
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Snake in the Eagle's Shadow

1 Wings of Desire, Audition, Zelig, Niagara, Sid and Nancy, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, and Belle de Jour are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Seijun Suzuki movie.	Branded to Kill
2 What else is that about?	Seijun Suzuki
3 I like yakuza movies more. Do you know anything else?	Youth of the Beast

1 I really like Goodfellas, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, A Christmas Story, Schindler's List, The Reader, Slumdog Millionaire, and The Counterfeiters. I'm looking for a Milan Kundera movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 What else is that about?	4, Philip Kaufman, prague, Milan Kundera

1 Scent of a Woman, Dances with Wolves, Meet the Parents, The Talented Mr. Ripley, October Sky, Quiz Show, and Saving Private Ryan are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Carlito's Way
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Viggo Mortensen, Brian De Palma
3 I prefer Carl Franklin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Crimes

1 I watched the films The Last Samurai, Small Soldiers, Miss Congeniality, Spider-Man 2, The Mummy, Wild Things, and Legally Blonde and loved them. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Finding Neverland
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Peter Pan, Marc Forster, playwright, depp
3 I like Louisa May Alcott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Women

1 Waiting to Exhale, Something to Talk About, The Cure, Nixon, Fly Away Home, The Client, and Ghost are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Reckless
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman René
3 I like Brian Levant movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Flintstones

1 Boxing Helena, The Madness of King George, Pulp Fiction, Forget Paris, Stargate, Don Juan DeMarco, and French Kiss are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Batman movie.	Batman Forever
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Tommy Lee Jones, Nicole Kidman, Val Kilmer
3 I rate Heath Ledger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dark Knight

1 I love Office Space, Star Trek, The Silence of the Lambs, Henry V, Apollo 13, The Fifth Element, and Shrek. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I rate Alan Rickman movies. Any other suggestions?	Bottle Shock

1 True Romance, The Manchurian Candidate, Boys Don't Cry, Goodfellas, The Maltese Falcon, Pulp Fiction, and Citizen Kane are films I like. I'm looking for a Marlon Brando movie.	Mutiny on the Bounty
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Marlon Brando, Carol Reed, Lewis Milestone, Trevor Howard, ultra panavision 70
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Brave

1 I like Halloween, The House of Mirth, Some Like It Hot, Tootsie, Alien, The Exorcist, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Haunting
2 What else is that about?	dark, remake, Liam Neeson, Owen Wilson, haunted house, Jan de Bont
3 I rate body horror movies. Any other suggestions?	From Beyond

1 Snow Falling on Cedars, Indochine, Chungking Express, Trainspotting, Hamlet, The Mission, and The English Patient are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jude
2 What else is that about?	Thomas Hardy
3 I rate Taylor Hackford movies. Any other suggestions?	An Officer and a Gentleman

1 I like Dead Man, Taxi Driver, Donnie Darko, Raging Bull, Chopper, Catch-22, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show. I'm looking for a John Turturro movie.	Barton Fink
2 What else is that about?	coen brothers, writers, hollywood, Hotel, John Goodman, writing, John Turturro, box
3 I rate Spike Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Do the Right Thing

1 I liked Donnie Darko, Gladiator, Juno, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Rain Man, Battle Royale, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Thomas McCarthy movie.	Win Win
2 What else is that about?	Paul Giamatti, Thomas McCarthy, Alex Shaffer
3 I prefer Train movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Station Agent

1 Clueless, A Few Good Men, Enchanted April, The Goonies, The Hunt for Red October, Hamlet, and Starship Troopers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Trial movie.	My Cousin Vinny
2 Who does that star?	Joe Pesci, Marisa Tomei, Ralph Macchio, Mitchell Whitfield
3 I like Peggy Ashcroft movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Passage to India

1 The Birdcage, Clueless, Quiz Show, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Madness of King George, Toy Story, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a courage movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 What else is that about?	courage, Edward Zwick

1 Manhattan, Election, The Commitments, Young Frankenstein, The Usual Suspects, High Fidelity, and Chinatown are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Shakespeare in Love
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, r, british, shakespeare, Gwyneth Paltrow, Judi Dench, Romeo and Juliet, Joseph Fiennes, John Madden
3 I rate Russian movies. Any other suggestions?	Window to Paris

1 All That Jazz, Funny Games, A History of Violence, A Single Man, The Hurt Locker, Seven Chances, and Nineteen Eighty-Four are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Believer
2 What else is that about?	Ryan Gosling
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Demetrius and the Gladiators

1 I love Casablanca, Alien, House of Sand and Fog, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Seven Samurai, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Man Who Wasn't There. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	Quills
2 Who is that directed by?	Philip Kaufman
3 I prefer Christopher Nolan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dark Knight

1 I really like Monsters, Inc., Airplane!, The Exorcist, The Sixth Sense, Broadcast News, The Santa Clause, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	And Then There Were None
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Mystery, Agatha Christie, René Clair
3 I prefer John Candy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Who's Harry Crumb?

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Fifth Element, 300, Logan's Run, The Truman Show, Sin City, and Cypher are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Paul Verhoeven movie.	Black Book
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Verhoeven

1 The Iron Giant, American Beauty, The Full Monty, Pulp Fiction, High Noon, Singin' in the Rain, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I like. I'm looking for a Roy Del Ruth movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Maltese Falcon

1 Toy Story 3, A Grand Day Out, My Neighbor Totoro, Finding Nemo, The Wizard of Oz, Coraline, and Up are movies I like. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Monsters University
2 Who is that directed by?	Dan Scanlon
3 I prefer Don Hall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Hero 6

1 The Philadelphia Story, The Man Who Would Be King, Patton, Lolita, On the Waterfront, Network, and Rushmore are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Picture Show
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, coming of age, black and white, small town, Jeff Bridges, Texas, Peter Bogdanovich, Cloris Leachman
3 I like adaptation movies more. Do you know anything else?	About a Boy

1 I really liked Watchmen, The Avengers, Wreck-It Ralph, District 9, The Dark Knight, The Cabin in the Woods, and Bridesmaids. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	In Time
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Thriller, time, Amanda Seyfried, Justin Timberlake, Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer Jonathan Mostow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breakdown

1 I liked Carlito's Way, 8½, The Silence of the Lambs, Until the End of the World, He Got Game, Sleepers, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Slam
2 What else is that about?	poetry
3 I rate Melissa Leo movies. Any other suggestions?	Frozen River

1 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Grosse Pointe Blank, My Neighbor Totoro, Clerks, Casablanca, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Chinatown are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bad Santa
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, christmas, Billy Bob Thornton, Lauren Graham, Terry Zwigoff, Bernie Mac, John Ritter
3 I rate Meryl Streep movies. Any other suggestions?	Prime

1 I really liked The Matrix, Total Recall, Remember the Titans, The Fifth Element, Saving Private Ryan, The Omen, and Alien. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Romeo Must Die
2 Who does that star?	Jet Li, Isaiah Washington, Aaliyah, Russell Wong
3 I prefer Riki Takeuchi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead or Alive

1 I really like Raiders of the Lost Ark, Up, Spirited Away, The Princess Bride, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Time Bandits, and Shrek. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I prefer Ken Wiederhorn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shock Waves

1 Waiting..., Inglourious Basterds, The Relic, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Feast, Where the Buffalo Roam, and Office Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for a visual movie.	Halloween II
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Zombie
3 I prefer James Cameron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Avatar

1 I liked Home Alone, Clueless, Jurassic Park, The Mummy, The Red Violin, Run Lola Run, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Dennis Quaid movie.	The Parent Trap
2 What else is that about?	disney, Divorce, Twins, Lindsay Lohan, Dennis Quaid, Nancy Meyers, Natasha Richardson
3 I rate Thomas Haden Church movies. Any other suggestions?	Smart People

1 Predator, Deep Impact, Independence Day, Closer, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Hunt for Red October, and West Side Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Day of the Jackal
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, assassin, Fred Zinnemann, Frederick Forsyth
3 I like Vincent D'Onofrio movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cell

1 I loved Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The King and I, Casablanca, You Can't Take It With You, The Big Sleep, My Man Godfrey, and The Shop Around the Corner. I'm looking for a Walter Huston movie.	Rain
2 What else is that about?	Joan Crawford, Walter Huston
3 I prefer Mary Astor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dodsworth

1 Airplane!, Back to the Future, Little Miss Sunshine, Office Space, Sin City, The Wizard of Oz, and American Beauty are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Vincent D'Onofrio movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thirteenth Floor

1 The Exorcist, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Mystery Men, Cape Fear, Child's Play, The Haunting, and Blue Streak are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Bone Collector
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Denzel Washington, Angelina Jolie, detective, Phillip Noyce
3 I prefer Katherine Heigl movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One for the Money

1 I like The Birdcage, Aladdin, Toy Story, The Usual Suspects, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Babe, and A Close Shave. I'm looking for a british movie.	The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain
2 What else is that about?	british
3 I rate Oscar Wilde movies. Any other suggestions?	The Importance of Being Earnest

1 The Terminator, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, Memento, The Matrix, The Dark Knight, and Brazil are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like Marco Brambilla movies more. Do you know anything else?	Demolition Man

1 I love Garden State, Fight Club, Cool Hand Luke, Sin City, Magnolia, Rebel Without a Cause, and Harold and Maude. I'm looking for a plot movie.	Once Upon a Time in Mexico
2 What else is that about?	Action, Johnny Depp, plot, Robert Rodriguez, Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, convoluted plot
3 I prefer dark movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dark Knight Rises

1 Citizen Kane, Treasure Planet, Fantasia, The English Patient, Nineteen Eighty-Four, Central Station, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I love. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Dreams, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, Life
3 I like seven movies more. Do you know anything else?	Seven Samurai

1 American Beauty, The Age of Innocence, Notorious, Manhattan, Reservoir Dogs, Charade, and Patriot Games are films I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Cutter's Way
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Passer

1 Ghost, Addams Family Values, It's a Wonderful Life, Babe, The Quiet Man, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Dead Poets Society are films I like. I'm looking for a Claude Rains movie.	Casablanca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, War, nazis, Love, africa, hollywood, Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Michael Curtiz, best picture, stage, nazi, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, bogart, Play, Paul Henreid
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Now, Voyager

1 October Sky, A Simple Plan, Working Girl, Being John Malkovich, Red Rock West, A Little Princess, and The Hurricane are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Terms of Endearment
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Danny DeVito, Shirley MacLaine, James L. Brooks, Debra Winger
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Peggy Sue Got Married

1 Amélie, The Third Man, Back to the Future, The Graduate, City of God, Casablanca, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a human movie.	The Lives of Others
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, germany, art, German, berlin, foreign, stasi, deutsch, Martina Gedeck, human

1 Beauty and the Beast, Apollo 13, Natural Born Killers, The Usual Suspects, Legends of the Fall, Clear and Present Danger, and The Firm are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Elmore Leonard movie.	Get Shorty
2 What else is that about?	Crime, John Travolta, Gene Hackman, Danny DeVito, Elmore Leonard, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Joe Kidd

1 I watched the films The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Seven Samurai, Up, The Pianist, Pan's Labyrinth, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and loved them. I'm looking for a rio de janeiro movie.	Central Station
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Brazil, rio de janeiro, Walter Salles
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Elite Squad

1 I watched the films The Hunt for Red October, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Jerry Maguire, Ransom, Unforgiven, Gandhi, and First Knight and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dirty Dancing
2 What else is that about?	coming of age, soundtrack, teen, dance, dancing, Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey
3 I rate Sean Ellis movies. Any other suggestions?	Metro Manila

1 Reservoir Dogs, Blue Velvet, Swingers, Harold and Maude, Strictly Ballroom, Brazil, and Babe are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 Who does that star?	Toni Collette, Sophie Lee
3 I like Maggie Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Old Lady

1 Barry Lyndon, Sleepers, 12 Angry Men, Goodfellas, Carlito's Way, and The Sweet Hereafter are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The Secret in Their Eyes
2 Who does that star?	Ricardo Darín, Soledad Villamil
3 I prefer Errol Flynn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Adventures of Don Juan

1 The Departed, 28 Weeks Later, Super Troopers, Apocalypto, Children of Men, Dazed and Confused, and Sin City are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Underworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Josef von Sternberg
3 I like Dominic Sena movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swordfish

1 I loved Annie Hall, 12 Angry Men, Apollo 13, Apocalypse Now, 8½, Babe, and Awakenings. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt, James L. Brooks, nicholson
3 I prefer Tom Cruise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rock of Ages

1 I watched the films The Thin Red Line, The Insider, Fight Club, Yojimbo, Touch of Evil, Lost Highway, and Casablanca and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Akira
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, stylized, Animation, japan, cyberpunk, tokyo, psychic powers, manga, katsuhiro otomo
3 I prefer Antonio Banderas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Once Upon a Time in Mexico

1 I like The World According to Garp, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Night on Earth, In Bruges, The Deer Hunter, Being John Malkovich, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a French movie.	Betty Blue
2 What else is that about?	French
3 I prefer new french extremity movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Martyrs

1 I watched the films The Gods Must Be Crazy II, It Happened One Night, Much Ado About Nothing, Sabrina, Young Frankenstein, Poltergeist, and The Trouble with Harry and loved them. I'm looking for a cancer movie.	One True Thing
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, cancer, Carl Franklin
3 I rate Bryce Dallas Howard movies. Any other suggestions?	50/50

1 I really like Aliens, The Silence of the Lambs, Weird Science, The Cell, The Wizard of Oz, Shrek, and Fast Times at Ridgemont High. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni
3 I prefer Pascal Duquenne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Eighth Day

1 Red Dawn, The Green Mile, Office Space, Braveheart, 28 Days, and Big Fish are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Stir of Echoes
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon
3 I like Keith Gordon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Christine

1 Citizen Kane, The Joy Luck Club, The Wrong Trousers, The Usual Suspects, The Godfather, Waiting for Guffman, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Little Princess
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfonso Cuarón
3 I prefer Arie Posin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Chumscrubber

1 I really like All Quiet on the Western Front, Schindler's List, Traffic, Good Will Hunting, Hamlet, American History X, and Hamlet. I'm looking for a Paul Dano movie.	L.I.E.
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Cuesta
3 I rate Valerie Faris movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Miss Sunshine

1 I love Tank Girl, Circle of Friends, Dead Poets Society, Rudy, Amistad, The Life of David Gale, and Jaws. I'm looking for a witch movie.	Hocus Pocus
2 What else is that about?	witch, Sarah Jessica Parker, witches, Bette Midler, Thora Birch
3 I prefer supernatural movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Craft

1 The Silence of the Lambs and Aliens are films I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I like Jude Law movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rise of the Guardians

1 The 39 Steps, American Beauty, Toy Story 2, Toy Story, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Dances with Wolves, and Casablanca are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, politics, national film registry, political, James Stewart, Frank Capra, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur
3 I prefer Helen Mirren movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Raising Helen

1 I watched the films MASH, Singin' in the Rain, Hairspray, Out of Sight, The Third Man, The Big Sleep, and The Thin Blue Line and loved them. I'm looking for a Don Roos movie.	The Opposite of Sex
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Roos

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, American Beauty, The Godfather, The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, Shakespeare in Love, The Thin Blue Line, and Field of Dreams are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Psycho
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, serial killer, murder, remake, Hitchcock, Gus Van Sant
3 I like lovecraftian movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Mouth of Madness

1 The Terminator, Schindler's List, Unbreakable, Scream, Powder, Jurassic Park, and When Harry Met Sally... are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bridget Jones's Diary
2 Who does that star?	Renée Zellweger
3 I like Nicolas Cage movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moonstruck

1 I really liked Gladiator, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Rudy, Life Is Beautiful, Enemy at the Gates, The Bourne Identity, and The Last Samurai. I'm looking for a Bryan Singer movie.	Superman Returns
2 What else is that about?	superhero, Kevin Spacey, dc comics, Superman, Bryan Singer, James Marsden, Frank Langella, Brandon Routh, Kate Bosworth
3 I prefer los angeles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Usual Suspects

1 I watched the films The Wizard of Oz, The Man Who Would Be King, Platoon, The Silence of the Lambs, Rocky, The Fly, and The Exorcist and loved them. I'm looking for a John Frankenheimer movie.	52 Pick-Up
2 Who does that star?	Roy Scheider, Vanity
3 I rate Thelma Ritter movies. Any other suggestions?	Birdman of Alcatraz

1 The Incredibles, Cars, The Terminal, Shrek 2, Toy Story 2, Monsters, Inc., and Anna and the King are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Flushed Away
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Jean Reno, Kate Winslet, dreamworks, aardman, Ian McKellen, Bill Nighy, Andy Serkis, Sam Fell
3 I rate Stephen King movies. Any other suggestions?	Creepshow 2

1 The Godfather, Chinatown, The Vanishing, Jean de Florette, Lawrence of Arabia, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Hirokazu Koreeda movie.	After Life
2 What else is that about?	japan, Hirokazu Koreeda
3 I prefer Tadanobu Asano movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Maborosi

1 The Shawshank Redemption, JFK, Spider-Man 2, Fight Club, Garden State, The Matrix, and Saving Private Ryan are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Hoosiers
2 What else is that about?	sports, Gene Hackman, basketball, Dennis Hopper, Barbara Hershey, indiana, David Anspaugh
3 I rate Sam Raimi movies. Any other suggestions?	For Love of the Game

1 Akira, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Scarface, The Elephant Man, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, The Omen, and Trainspotting are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Transformers
2 Who does that star?	Shia LaBeouf, Tyrese Gibson, Josh Duhamel, Megan Fox
3 I like Willem Dafoe movies more. Do you know anything else?	John Wick

1 I loved Bonnie and Clyde, Enemy at the Gates, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Braveheart, A Fistful of Dollars, The Game, and King of New York. I'm looking for a Renny Harlin movie.	Driven
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Renny Harlin, harlin
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Long Kiss Goodnight

1 Ghost in the Shell, Croupier, Trainspotting, Real Genius, The Matrix, Goldfinger, and Sneakers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a dreamworks animation movie.	Antz
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Animation, pixar, Woody Allen, animated, dreamworks, dreamworks animation
3 I prefer Mike Myers movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shrek 2

1 A Beautiful Mind, The Usual Suspects, Donnie Darko, The Fifth Element, The King and I, Eastern Promises, and Mystic River are movies I like. I'm looking for an erotic movie.	Secretary
2 What else is that about?	Romance, sex, erotic, Maggie Gyllenhaal, James Spader, Secretary
3 I rate new york city movies. Any other suggestions?	Eyes Wide Shut

1 I watched the films Smoke Signals, Muriel's Wedding, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Full Monty, True Grit, Henry V, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and loved them. I'm looking for a Helen Mirren movie.	Gosford Park
2 What else is that about?	murder, r, ensemble cast, Clive Owen, Helen Mirren, Robert Altman, altman
3 I rate israel movies. Any other suggestions?	The Debt

1 I really like The Usual Suspects, Back to the Future, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Pete Docter movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Music, pixar, disney, story, children, characters, animated, Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, Monsters, 3, Billy Crystal, pixar animation, James Coburn, Pete Docter, Lee Unkrich, Jennifer Tilly, Andrew Stanton, David Silverman
3 I like michael giacchino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Up

1 A League of Their Own, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Fail Safe, The Iron Giant, Notorious, Galaxy Quest, and Heart and Souls are movies I like. I'm looking for a noir movie.	Dark Passage
2 Who is that directed by?	Delmer Daves
3 I prefer Akira Kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stray Dog

1 Dances with Wolves, Aladdin, Nell, Clear and Present Danger, While You Were Sleeping, Rob Roy, and Beauty and the Beast are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I rate psychological thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Swan

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Birds, Reservoir Dogs, Platoon, Casablanca, The Shining, and La Strada are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an italy movie.	Amarcord
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini
3 I prefer James Ivory movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Room with a View

1 101 Dalmatians, Toy Story, Jerry Maguire, and James and the Giant Peach are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	All Dogs Go to Heaven 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Sabella, Larry Leker
3 I like Isao Takahata movies more. Do you know anything else?	Only Yesterday

1 The General's Daughter, Dark City, Road Trip, Blue Streak, Billy Madison, In the Mouth of Madness, and Muppets from Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Wesley Snipes movie.	The Art of War
2 What else is that about?	Wesley Snipes
3 I prefer Tommy Lee Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	U.S. Marshals

1 Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility, and Babe are films I love. I'm looking for a Joss Whedon movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Joss Whedon, Fran Kranz, Amy Acker
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Buffy the Vampire Slayer

1 I really like The Godfather, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Pinocchio, Citizen Kane, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Little Big Man. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like Chuck Norris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Firewalker

1 Spy Game, X-Men, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, High Fidelity, Memento, and Training Day are movies I liked. I'm looking for a jay and silent bob movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, star wars, Kevin Smith, view askew, jay and silent bob
3 I rate Jason Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	Mallrats

1 For a Few Dollars More, Fight Club, Taxi Driver, Full Metal Jacket, City of God, Shaun of the Dead, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Drag Me to Hell
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Sam Raimi, curse, Justin Long, Alison Lohman
3 I like Italian movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tentacles

1 Donnie Darko, Chasing Amy, Shaun of the Dead, Fight Club, Amélie, Punch-Drunk Love, and Gattaca are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Hard Eight
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I like James Gray movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Yards

1 Tomorrow Never Dies, Spirited Away, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Spaceballs, Pulp Fiction, Superbad, and Casino Royale are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Juno
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, soundtrack, original, teen, pregnancy, Ellen Page, Michael Cera, Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner, teenager, Jason Reitman
3 I prefer Martin Lawrence movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	House Party

1 Lovers of the Arctic Circle, Smoke Signals, The Crow, Muriel's Wedding, The Hudsucker Proxy, Gun Shy, and Wings of Desire are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Go Fish
2 What else is that about?	lesbian, Chicago
3 I like Rachel Weisz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Deep Blue Sea

1 Double Indemnity, Children of a Lesser God, Hard Eight, Dance with Me, and A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries are movies I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Boys
2 Who does that star?	Winona Ryder, Lukas Haas

1 Jumanji, Mr. Holland's Opus, The American President, Clueless, First Knight, The Birdcage, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waiting to Exhale
2 Who is that directed by?	Forest Whitaker
3 I rate Howard Hawks movies. Any other suggestions?	Hatari!

1 Sense and Sensibility, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, The Rock, The Usual Suspects, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who does that star?	Estella Warren, Rhett Giles, Victor Parascos
3 I rate Mila Kunis movies. Any other suggestions?	Oz the Great and Powerful

1 Pulp Fiction, A Clockwork Orange, Lost Highway, Hero, Edward Scissorhands, Bubba Ho-Tep, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	The Life and Death of Peter Sellers
2 What else is that about?	Peter Sellers
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mouse That Roared

1 I loved The Waterboy, Simon Birch, The Color Purple, Life Is Beautiful, Searching for Bobby Fischer, As Good as It Gets, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Steel Magnolias
2 What else is that about?	women, Herbert Ross
3 I rate War movies. Any other suggestions?	Birdy

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Amélie, Shrek, Braveheart, and The Matrix are movies I love. I'm looking for a Colin Farrell movie.	Phone Booth
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Minority Report

1 I love Annie Hall, The Boys from Brazil, Jaws, Eyes Wide Shut, Alien, Patton, and Disclosure. I'm looking for an Action movie.	First Blood
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, Brian Dennehy, Ted Kotcheff, Richard Crenna
3 I prefer spy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 I really liked The Machinist, Minority Report, Spirited Away, 300, The Lion King, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and A League of Their Own. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Brave
2 What else is that about?	Animation, pixar, witch, Emma Thompson, visuals, Princess, Billy Connolly
3 I like Jean Reno movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flushed Away

1 Speed, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Fugitive, Schindler's List, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a Ron Howard movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I like Russell Crowe movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cinderella Man

1 Leaving Las Vegas, The Godfather, Fargo, Taxi Driver, Pulp Fiction, and Schindler's List are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sarah Jessica Parker movie.	Ed Wood
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Biography, Bill Murray, Tim Burton, biopic, b-movie, Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Martin Landau, Ed Wood
3 I like Philip Seymour Hoffman movies more. Do you know anything else?	State and Main

1 I really like Planet of the Apes, A Clockwork Orange, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, RoboCop, A Bug's Life, Shrek, and American Pie. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	End of Days
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Peter Hyams, schwarzenegger
3 I prefer own movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Evil Dead

1 I love True Lies, The Usual Suspects, Ghost, The Lion King, Braveheart, Grumpier Old Men, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I like remake movies more. Do you know anything else?	Just Visiting

1 Schindler's List, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Batman, Trainspotting, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and The Birds are movies I loved. I'm looking for an own movie.	Dead Poets Society
2 What else is that about?	Drama, story, Robin Williams, own, school, teacher, poetry, Peter Weir, teaching
3 I prefer Lea Thompson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Back to the Future Part II

1 National Lampoon's Vacation, Alien, The Fly, Poltergeist, The Prophecy, Near Dark, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Hell movie.	Hellraiser
2 Who is that directed by?	Clive Barker
3 I rate Francis Lawrence movies. Any other suggestions?	Constantine

1 Aladdin, Natural Born Killers, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, Nell, The Piano, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I like. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I prefer David Thewlis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Timeline

1 Reservoir Dogs, The Usual Suspects, American Beauty, Die Hard, The Last Temptation of Christ, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Fight Club are movies I liked. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three
2 Who does that star?	Martin Balsam, Robert Shaw, Walter Matthau
3 I rate Bruno Kirby movies. Any other suggestions?	Donnie Brasco

1 The Sum of All Fears, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Poltergeist, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Happiest Millionaire, The Importance of Being Earnest, and The Mummy are movies I really like. I'm looking for a blaxploitation movie.	Undercover Brother
2 Who is that directed by?	Malcolm D. Lee
3 I prefer Jack Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Coffy

1 I love The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Usual Suspects, L.A. Story, Election, and The Big Lebowski. I'm looking for a Luke Wilson movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Love, Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, siblings, Gene Hackman, Gwyneth Paltrow, Luke Wilson, Anjelica Huston
3 I prefer law movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Legally Blonde

1 I really liked The African Queen, It's a Wonderful Life, The Third Man, Vertigo, Bicycle Thieves, Singin' in the Rain, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	North by Northwest
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, Cary Grant, mistaken identity, James Mason, bernard herrmann, Eva Marie Saint
3 I rate Robert Siodmak movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spiral Staircase

1 I really liked The Godfather, Atonement, Love Actually, Lucky Number Slevin, Fight Club, The Lion King, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Black Swan
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I rate Martin Scorsese movies. Any other suggestions?	Taxi Driver

1 Toy Story, Trainspotting, and Dead Man Walking are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 What else is that about?	british, Hugh Grant, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet, Jane Austen, Emma Thompson, Ang Lee, English, period
3 I like John Boorman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hope and Glory

1 Schindler's List, The Godfather, Fargo, Rear Window, The African Queen, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Office Space are films I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Little Big Man
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, native americans, revisionist western, Arthur Penn
3 I rate Barbara Stanwyck movies. Any other suggestions?	Forty Guns

1 Almost Famous, Klute, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jaws, Evil Dead II, The Terminator, and Back to the Future are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Descent
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cave
3 I prefer Viggo Mortensen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reflecting Skin

1 Some Like It Hot, Broadcast News, The Breakfast Club, Groundhog Day, When Harry Met Sally..., Diner, and Sixteen Candles are films I liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I like Robert D. Webb movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love Me Tender

1 Event Horizon, Chasing Amy, Air Force One, The Game, and Amistad are films I love. I'm looking for a Chris Tucker movie.	Money Talks
2 What else is that about?	Chris Tucker, Brett Ratner
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rush Hour

1 The Fugitive, Sullivan's Travels, When Harry Met Sally..., The Philadelphia Story, Out of Sight, The Godfather, and The Player are films I love. I'm looking for a Norman Jewison movie.	The Thomas Crown Affair
2 Who does that star?	Faye Dunaway, Steve McQueen
3 I like Cher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moonstruck

1 As Good as It Gets, It's a Wonderful Life, Sling Blade, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I like. I'm looking for a Ronald Neame movie.	The Poseidon Adventure
2 What else is that about?	Gene Hackman, disaster, Ronald Neame, Shelley Winters, Irwin Allen
3 I rate Alec Guinness movies. Any other suggestions?	The Horse's Mouth

1 The Matrix and Donnie Darko are films I loved. I'm looking for a Josef von Sternberg movie.	Underworld
2 What else is that about?	Josef von Sternberg
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crime and Punishment

1 Forrest Gump, Sabrina, It Happened One Night, Stalag 17, Moonstruck, The African Queen, and An American in Paris are movies I love. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Yearling
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clarence Brown
3 I like Raja Gosnell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Home Alone 3

1 I like Lost in Translation, Requiem for a Dream, Gattaca, and Magnolia. I'm looking for a Catherine Hardwicke movie.	Thirteen
2 Who is that directed by?	Catherine Hardwicke

1 I love Fahrenheit 9/11, The Fountain, The NeverEnding Story, Beetlejuice, Into the Wild, Requiem for a Dream, and Pan's Labyrinth. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Brokeback Mountain
2 Who does that star?	Jake Gyllenhaal, Heath Ledger, Randy Quaid
3 I like Milla Jovovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Return to the Blue Lagoon

1 I watched the films The Nightmare Before Christmas, Clerks, Waterworld, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Ghost, and Maverick and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Hackers
2 What else is that about?	High School, cyberpunk, Angelina Jolie, Hackers, internet, hacker, Jonny Lee Miller
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Antibodies

1 Strictly Ballroom, Dial M for Murder, Shampoo, Notorious, Shane, A Streetcar Named Desire, and The Greatest Story Ever Told are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Paint Your Wagon
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Clint Eastwood, Western, Gold, Lee Marvin
3 I prefer Grace Kelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Society

1 I watched the films Sixteen Candles, Frequency, Pretty in Pink, Major League, Caddyshack, The Fast and the Furious, and Good Morning, Vietnam and loved them. I'm looking for a Matthew McConaughey movie.	The Wedding Planner
2 Who does that star?	Matthew McConaughey, Jennifer Lopez
3 I prefer Kate Hudson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fool's Gold

1 The Women, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Bonnie and Clyde, Boogie Nights, Magnolia, Elizabeth, and Goodfellas are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gallipoli
2 Who does that star?	Mark Lee
3 I rate William Holden movies. Any other suggestions?	The Country Girl

1 Unforgiven, Army of Darkness, Men in Black, Gattaca, Ransom, The Fifth Element, and The Relic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a lovecraft movie.	In the Mouth of Madness
2 What else is that about?	John Carpenter, Sam Neill, lovecraftian, lovecraft
3 I like body horror movies more. Do you know anything else?	From Beyond

1 I liked The Fugitive, Copycat, Casino, Clockers, Heat, Braveheart, and Clear and Present Danger. I'm looking for a r movie.	Devil in a Blue Dress
2 Who does that star?	Denzel Washington, Don Cheadle, Tom Sizemore, Jennifer Beals
3 I prefer Steve Zahn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Safe Men

1 Cinema Paradiso, The Matrix, The Blues Brothers, Some Like It Hot, Private Parts, Airplane!, and Little Voice are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Moonstruck
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Jewison
3 I rate Jeff Kanew movies. Any other suggestions?	Gotcha!

1 First Blood, The Mummy, An American Werewolf in London, The Silence of the Lambs, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Braveheart, and Jaws are movies I liked. I'm looking for a hockey movie.	Slap Shot
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill
3 I like Paul Michael Glaser movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cutting Edge

1 The Usual Suspects, Shallow Grave, Alien, Fargo, A Clockwork Orange, Rosemary's Baby, and Blade Runner are films I liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	There Will Be Blood
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, r, Paul Thomas Anderson, California, oil, Paul Dano, Upton Sinclair
3 I rate Ingmar Bergman movies. Any other suggestions?	Saraband

1 Men in Black, The Fugitive, Much Ado About Nothing, Swingers, Clueless, The Lion King, and With Honors are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Air Force One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, president, Wolfgang Petersen, Glenn Close
3 I like Mark Wahlberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Corruptor

1 I watched the films The Matrix, Stargate, Dead Poets Society, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Saving Private Ryan, and The Crow and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Dune
2 What else is that about?	Action, science fiction, David Lynch, desert, lynch, Frank Herbert, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I like Fallen Angel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gabriel

1 Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, The NeverEnding Story, High Fidelity, Romeo + Juliet, Field of Dreams, and Saving Private Ryan are films I liked. I'm looking for a dance movie.	Billy Elliot
2 Who does that star?	Jamie Bell, Gary Lewis, Jamie Draven
3 I like Vincent Cassel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Swan

1 I really liked Executive Decision, Twister, Face/Off, Ransom, Father of the Bride Part II, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Shiloh. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Pest
2 Who does that star?	John Leguizamo
3 I like Russell Brand movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Him to the Greek

1 Persuasion, Chinatown, The American President, M. Butterfly, Groundhog Day, Cinema Paradiso, and While You Were Sleeping are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Looking for Richard
2 What else is that about?	Al Pacino, shakespeare
3 I prefer José Padilha movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bus 174

1 Strictly Ballroom, Heathers, Fargo, The Great Muppet Caper, Down by Law, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Take the Money and Run are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Blue in the Face
2 What else is that about?	Jim Jarmusch, Lou Reed
3 I prefer John Cusack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	America's Sweethearts

1 The Virgin Spring, Sanjuro, Aparajito, Black Orpheus, Richard III, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, and Pather Panchali are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Ernst Lubitsch movie.	Trouble in Paradise
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Ernst Lubitsch, Miriam Hopkins
3 I prefer Musical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Love Parade

1 I like Aladdin, The Wedding Singer, Rain Man, Ransom, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Toy Story 2, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Witness
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I like Ridley Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blade Runner

1 The Princess Bride, Rain Man, Scent of a Woman, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Usual Suspects, The Silence of the Lambs, and Gladiator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Secondhand Lions
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim McCanlies
3 I prefer Eugenio Derbez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Instructions Not Included

1 American History X, Finding Nemo, and Memento are films I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Minority Report
2 What else is that about?	Crime, murder, Mystery, Police, future, dvd, Steven Spielberg, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Philip K. Dick, spielberg, technology, Colin Farrell, Max von Sydow, Samantha Morton
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Manhattan Murder Mystery

1 Clerks, Fight Club, Dogma, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, American Beauty, Glengarry Glen Ross, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Pete Postlethwaite movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I prefer ira movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Name of the Father

1 I watched the films Before Sunset, Gosford Park, Top Gun, The Queen, Best in Show, Garden State, and Love Actually and loved them. I'm looking for a Ben Stiller movie.	Keeping the Faith
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Norton
3 I like Ben Stiller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zoolander

1 The Godfather, Remember the Titans, Meet the Parents, Charlie's Angels, Forrest Gump, Men of Honor, and Stargate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Romeo Must Die
2 What else is that about?	r, Jet Li, Andrzej Bartkowiak
3 I like Agnieszka Holland movies more. Do you know anything else?	Europa Europa

1 The Last of the Mohicans, The Usual Suspects, Vertigo, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Close Shave, My Neighbor Totoro, and Castle in the Sky are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Helena Bonham Carter movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
3 I rate fish movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Fish

1 Shutter Island, Up, Gran Torino, The Goonies, A Knight's Tale, The Matrix, and V for Vendetta are films I loved. I'm looking for a Ray Liotta movie.	Identity
2 What else is that about?	John Cusack, Ray Liotta, Clea DuVall, Amanda Peet, Alfred Molina, James Mangold
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Revolver

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Saturday Night Fever, Bowling for Columbine, Rain Man, Monsoon Wedding, Children of Heaven, and Big Fat Liar are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Urban Cowboy
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta, Debra Winger
3 I prefer Barbra Streisand movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mirror Has Two Faces

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Taxi Driver, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Mask, Philadelphia, Forrest Gump, and Speed are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Trainspotting
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, british, 1980s, Ewan McGregor, addiction, heroin, Danny Boyle, drug addiction, united kingdom, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, scottish, Irvine Welsh, edinburgh, Kevin McKidd, Jonny Lee Miller, drug
3 I like shakespeare movies more. Do you know anything else?	10 Things I Hate About You

1 Edward Scissorhands, Toy Story 2, Howl's Moving Castle, Requiem for a Dream, Rebecca, Pan's Labyrinth, and The Triplets of Belleville are films I really liked. I'm looking for a long takes movie.	Rope
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock

1 Braveheart, MASH, The Thin Red Line, A Fish Called Wanda, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Raising Arizona, and Goldfinger are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Spider-Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, superhero, comic book, new york city, sequel, marvel, super-hero, New York, Kirsten Dunst, Willem Dafoe, superheroes, James Franco, Sam Raimi, Tobey Maguire, comics, responsibility, Power
3 I rate get movies. Any other suggestions?	Young Sherlock Holmes

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Shining, Dark City, Stargate, American Beauty, A Clockwork Orange, and Little Big Man are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller, George Ogilvie
3 I prefer Kathryn Bigelow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Strange Days

1 I watched the films Exotica, The Thin Blue Line, La Femme Nikita, The Usual Suspects, Office Space, Dave, and Man on the Moon and loved them. I'm looking for a Vampires movie.	Lifeforce
2 Who does that star?	Peter Firth, Frank Finlay, Steve Railsback, Mathilda May
3 I like Saoirse Ronan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Byzantium

1 The Breakfast Club, Kundun, As Good as It Gets, Ghost in the Shell, Donnie Darko, Les Misérables, and Platoon are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppets Take Manhattan
2 Who does that star?	Frank Oz, Jim Henson
3 I like Alex Etel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Millions

1 I liked Bowling for Columbine, The Iron Giant, Jaws, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Princess Mononoke, The Godfather, and Blazing Saddles. I'm looking for a Lee Van Cleef movie.	For a Few Dollars More
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, Sergio Leone, Italian, Klaus Kinski, eastwood, Lee Van Cleef, dollars trilogy
3 I like american civil war movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly

1 Kelly's Heroes, Dial M for Murder, Psycho, Rear Window, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Wrong Man, and The Great Escape are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	The Alamo
2 Who is that directed by?	John Wayne
3 I prefer Howard Hawks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rio Lobo

1 Fatal Attraction, Ray, For Your Eyes Only, Mississippi Burning, On Golden Pond, Doctor Zhivago, and The Bridges of Madison County are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
2 What else is that about?	dark, Thriller, r, Mystery, David Fincher, investigation, Daniel Craig, cast, editing, hacker, stockholm, Rooney Mara, bas
3 I like Sherlock Holmes movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hound of the Baskervilles

1 Local Hero, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Parenthood, Airplane!, Dangerous Liaisons, Victor Victoria, and Pinocchio are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Radio Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I rate John Landis movies. Any other suggestions?	Beverly Hills Cop III

1 Jaws, The Breakfast Club, The Matrix, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Being John Malkovich, Dog Day Afternoon, and Rain Man are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Blue
2 What else is that about?	Jean Reno, Luc Besson, Rosanna Arquette
3 I like future movies more. Do you know anything else?	A.I. Artificial Intelligence

1 Clear and Present Danger, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Total Recall, Major League, Schindler's List, The Spy Who Loved Me, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Rick Moranis movie.	Strange Brew
2 What else is that about?	Rick Moranis
3 I prefer Keanu Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Parenthood

1 I loved I.Q., Romeo + Juliet, Little Women, The Lives of Others, and How to Steal a Million. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Desk Set
2 What else is that about?	Katharine Hepburn, Walter Lang
3 I rate Charles Crichton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Titfield Thunderbolt

1 Duck Soup, Alien, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Apollo 13, The Matrix, The Green Mile, and L.A. Confidential are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Magnolia
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I like Jonathan Levine movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wackness

1 The Opposite of Sex, American History X, Duck Soup, Dancer in the Dark, Sullivan's Travels, Body and Soul, and And Then There Were None are films I love. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	The Horse Whisperer
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, horses
3 I like Morgan Freeman movies more. Do you know anything else?	An Unfinished Life

1 Jurassic Park, The Shawshank Redemption, Cliffhanger, Outbreak, True Lies, Pulp Fiction, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Shorty

1 I like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Godfather, Broadcast News, The Year of Living Dangerously, The Sweet Hereafter, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Joss Whedon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Much Ado About Nothing

1 I love The People vs. Larry Flynt, Rocky, Patton, Walkabout, The English Patient, Sling Blade, and Priest. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mrs Dalloway
2 What else is that about?	Virginia Woolf
3 I prefer Japanese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An Autumn Afternoon

1 Hoop Dreams, Short Cuts, Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, The Silence of the Lambs, Clueless, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Stockard Channing movie.	Six Degrees of Separation
2 What else is that about?	Stockard Channing
3 I rate Nicole Kidman movies. Any other suggestions?	Practical Magic

1 The Iron Giant, The Prince of Egypt, Alien, The Matrix, The Graduate, The NeverEnding Story, and Brazil are films I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	L.A. Story
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin
3 I like Malcolm McDowell movies more. Do you know anything else?	O Lucky Man!

1 I liked My Neighbor Totoro, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Spirited Away, The Matrix, Sin City, City of God, and Howl's Moving Castle. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, japan, dvd, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, miyazaki, joe hisaishi
3 I rate Timur Bekmambetov movies. Any other suggestions?	Night Watch

1 I really like Raiders of the Lost Ark, Titanic, The Silence of the Lambs, Apollo 13, The Exorcist, Good Will Hunting, and Lethal Weapon 2. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 What else is that about?	friendship, r, dialogue, relationships, Fun, romantic, Romantic Comedy, New York, Meg Ryan, jazz, Billy Crystal, Rob Reiner, Nora Ephron
3 I like disney movies more. Do you know anything else?	101 Dalmatians

1 I watched the films Hamlet, Once Upon a Time in the West, Mulholland Drive, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Men in Black, 12 Angry Men, and Memento and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Psycho
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, serial killer, murder, remake, Hitchcock, Gus Van Sant
3 I like Piper Perabo movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cave

1 Wedding Crashers, Iron Man, The Dark Knight Rises, American History X, Enter the Dragon, Good Will Hunting, and Oldboy are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Premium Rush
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Police, new york city, chase, Michael Shannon, David Koepp
3 I like Vincent D'Onofrio movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cell

1 Toy Story, Barcelona, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Get Shorty, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Eat Drink Man Woman, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Wide-Eyed and Legless
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Loncraine
3 I prefer Danny Cannon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Young Americans

1 The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, American Beauty, City of God, From Hell, and Apocalypse Now are films I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Bloodsport
2 Who does that star?	Leah Ayres, Donald Gibb

1 Shrek, Love Actually, Saving Private Ryan, The Sound of Music, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Clerks, and GoldenEye are films I like. I'm looking for a pixar animation movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I like John Goodman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Monsters, Inc.

1 High Tension, The Descent, Dog Soldiers, Darkness Falls, The Ring, I Am Legend, and The Road are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Messengers
2 What else is that about?	Kristen Stewart
3 I rate Liv Tyler movies. Any other suggestions?	The Strangers

1 I loved This Is England, Annie Hall, The Big Lebowski, The City of Lost Children, American Beauty, Show Me Love, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Tape
2 What else is that about?	Uma Thurman, Ethan Hawke, Richard Linklater
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Day and Night

1 The Great Santini, The King and I, Matewan, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Tampopo, Anna and the King, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Stepford Wives
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, remade
3 I rate Mario Bava movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Sabbath

1 Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Speed, Toy Story, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, and The Fugitive are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Aladdin
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Magic, Musical, soundtrack, Robin Williams, own, animated, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, Aladdin
3 I prefer Penelope Spheeris movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Decline of Western Civilization

1 I like Saving Private Ryan, GoldenEye, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Terminator, Rocky, The Lion King, and Hamlet. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Batman
2 What else is that about?	Action, dark, superhero, Revenge, Crime, comic book, Tim Burton, Jack Nicholson, Batman, super-hero, dc comics, get, Michael Keaton, goth, dc, Kim Basinger, Joker, serious
3 I prefer united states movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Shining, Apocalypse Now, Gladiator, Lawrence of Arabia, Rush, Princess Mononoke, and Monsters, Inc. are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Argo
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Thriller, r, story, cia, Ben Affleck, iran, John Goodman, Hostage, Alan Arkin, Bryan Cranston, political thriller, embassy
3 I like Jamie Foxx movies more. Do you know anything else?	Collateral

1 Top Gun, The Sixth Sense, Driving Miss Daisy, The Full Monty, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Last of the Mohicans, and Donnie Brasco are films I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I rate Jared Harris movies. Any other suggestions?	The Boxtrolls

1 The Producers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, WarGames, Back to the Future, Field of Dreams, and Fight Club are films I like. I'm looking for a tv movie.	Wayne's World 2
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Dana Carvey
3 I like Lea Thompson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Back to the Future

1 Children of Men, Fight Club, Alien, Death Proof, The Experiment, Requiem for a Dream, and Kikujiro are films I like. I'm looking for a cabin movie.	The Cabin in the Woods
2 Who does that star?	Chris Hemsworth, Fran Kranz, Kristen Connolly, Anna Hutchison
3 I rate Rider Strong movies. Any other suggestions?	Cabin Fever

1 Babe, Das Boot, Apocalypse Now, Citizen Kane, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Last of the Mohicans, and Fear are films I really liked. I'm looking for a denver movie.	Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead
2 What else is that about?	denver
3 I like colorado movies more. Do you know anything else?	Imagine That

1 Black Sheep, Happy Gilmore, The Silence of the Lambs, Little Women, Apollo 13, The Fugitive, and The Firm are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Speed
2 What else is that about?	Action, Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, Dennis Hopper, Speed, Jan de Bont
3 I rate Jason Bateman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Kingdom

1 Ghost, Man on the Moon, Gladiator, American Beauty, The 13th Warrior, The Wedding Singer, and Big Daddy are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	What Lies Beneath
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Silence of the Lambs

1 Almost Famous, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Big Lebowski, Labyrinth, American History X, Forrest Gump, and Grease are films I really liked. I'm looking for an island movie.	Shutter Island
2 What else is that about?	psychological, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Martin Scorsese, island, psychological thriller
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Lord of the Flies

1 The Producers, Dark City, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Cold Comfort Farm, Toy Story 2, There's Something About Mary, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	In the Bedroom
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Todd Field
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Compliance

1 A Clockwork Orange, Gattaca, Being John Malkovich, Reversal of Fortune, Chinatown, Schindler's List, and The Last of the Mohicans are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Gregory's Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	Bill Forsyth
3 I like Stan Dragoti movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man with One Red Shoe

1 Stealing Beauty, Joe's Apartment, Chain Reaction, Jingle All the Way, The Ghost and the Darkness, The River Wild, and Cry, the Beloved Country are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Thin Line Between Love and Hate
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Lawrence
3 I prefer Carl Reiner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All of Me

1 Forbidden Planet, Some Like It Hot, Moulin Rouge!, Out of Sight, 12 Angry Men, Boogie Nights, and Swingers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	She's Gotta Have It
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I prefer Agustín Díaz Yanes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Don't Tempt Me

1 The Matrix, La Haine, The Experiment, Crank, Thank You for Smoking, The Lion King, and First Blood are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Made in Dagenham
2 Who is that directed by?	Nigel Cole
3 I like Tony Gatlif movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mondo

1 Armageddon, Poltergeist, The Matrix, Gone with the Wind, Kramer vs. Kramer, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Rocky are movies I loved. I'm looking for an immigrants movie.	Far and Away
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman
3 I prefer Sam Smith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wondrous Oblivion

1 Dances with Wolves, The Piano, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, Nell, Legends of the Fall, and Little Women are films I like. I'm looking for a Hank Azaria movie.	The Birdcage
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Joe Roth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	America's Sweethearts

1 Lord of War, Saving Private Ryan, Donnie Darko, There's Something About Mary, The Sixth Sense, The Green Mile, and Independence Day are movies I love. I'm looking for a pixar movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I like espionage movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cars 2

1 I love Apocalypse Now, Schindler's List, Citizen Kane, The Godfather, Casablanca, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	A Clockwork Orange
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, classic, disturbing, violence, Music, violent, psychological, r, future, soundtrack, rape, Stanley Kubrick, controversial, psychiatry, kubrick, Malcolm McDowell, Beethoven, Anthony Burgess
3 I prefer perfect crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Elevator to the Gallows

1 The Shining, Alien, Fight Club, A Christmas Story, Trading Places, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and American History X are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I prefer Jared Hess movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Napoleon Dynamite

1 I love Terms of Endearment, Dead Poets Society, Laura, Some Like It Hot, West Side Story, Marty, and Nashville. I'm looking for a Henry Koster movie.	My Man Godfrey
2 What else is that about?	remake, Henry Koster
3 I prefer Cary Grant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bishop's Wife

1 I liked The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight, The Hangover, Gladiator, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Prisoners
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Jake Gyllenhaal, Maria Bello, Viola Davis
3 I like Gérard Depardieu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Vidocq

1 The Truman Show, The Young Victoria, Shelter, Avatar, Fracture, Batman Begins, and The Illusionist are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Roland Emmerich movie.	10,000 BC
2 What else is that about?	Roland Emmerich, prehistoric
3 I rate Heath Ledger movies. Any other suggestions?	The Patriot

1 I loved Saving Private Ryan, Yojimbo, Almost Famous, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Traffic, Memento, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a History movie.	Kagemusha
2 What else is that about?	japan, Akira Kurosawa
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Patriot

1 Apocalypse Now, Spartacus, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Blade Runner, The Deer Hunter, and Midnight Cowboy are films I liked. I'm looking for a psychological movie.	The Conversation
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Harrison Ford, library, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Francis Ford Coppola
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Swan

1 As Good as It Gets, Rush, The Red Violin, Hot Shots!, Limitless, Back to the Future Part III, and The King's Speech are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Eytan Fox movie.	Walk on Water
2 Who is that directed by?	Eytan Fox

1 I like Underground, Pulp Fiction, The Piano, Apollo 13, and The Monster. I'm looking for a spanish civil war movie.	Land and Freedom
2 What else is that about?	spanish civil war, Ken Loach
3 I like Guillermo del Toro movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Devil's Backbone

1 I liked Down by Law, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, All About Eve, Lolita, Heavenly Creatures, Sling Blade, and Evil Dead II. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	Mystery Train
2 What else is that about?	Steve Buscemi, Jim Jarmusch, Japanese, Joe Strummer
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spirited Away

1 I like Babe, Princess Mononoke, Life Is Beautiful, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Lion King, Chicken Run, and The Iron Giant. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Wrong Trousers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Short, Fun, animated, aardman, sf, Nick Park, wallace and gromit
3 I like donkey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shrek

1 I liked Wayne's World, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Matrix, I Heart Huckabees, The Virgin Suicides, Spaceballs, and The Big Lebowski. I'm looking for a Music movie.	A Mighty Wind
2 What else is that about?	mockumentary, Christopher Guest, folk music, Fred Willard, Eugene Levy, Michael McKean, Harry Shearer
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Double Dynamite

1 Batman Begins, Bridget Jones's Diary, Vanilla Sky, Mortal Kombat, The Transporter, American Beauty, and Road Trip are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rent
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I like Zoya Akhtar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Luck by Chance

1 Vanilla Sky, The Last Emperor, Reservoir Dogs, Princess Mononoke, Burn After Reading, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Edge of Seventeen are films I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Encounters at the End of the World
2 Who does that star?	Werner Herzog
3 I like Richard Dawkins movies more. Do you know anything else?	Faith School Menace?

1 I really like The English Patient, Brazil, Fargo, Belle de Jour, Trainspotting, Vertigo, and The Deer Hunter. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Crash
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Police, ensemble cast, racism, own, Sandra Bullock, los angeles, Don Cheadle, Brendan Fraser, Matt Dillon, Paul Haggis, Terrence Howard
3 I rate Broadway movies. Any other suggestions?	Fiddler on the Roof

1 I loved Shrek, The Sting, The Princess Bride, Monsters, Inc., The Sixth Sense, Pearl Harbor, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a sports movie.	The Longest Yard
2 What else is that about?	sports, football
3 I like Tim McGraw movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blind Side

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Saving Private Ryan, Ben-Hur, Cast Away, and The Green Mile are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I like Jon Gunn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mercy Streets

1 I really liked Closer, Babel, High Fidelity, Requiem for a Dream, American Beauty, Little Miss Sunshine, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Gregg Araki movie.	Mysterious Skin
2 What else is that about?	male prostitute, Alien Abduction, Gregg Araki
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Smiley Face

1 I really liked The Party, MASH, The Limey, Apocalypto, Mississippi Burning, In the Line of Fire, and Six Degrees of Separation. I'm looking for an Alicia Silverstone movie.	Excess Baggage
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Benicio Del Toro, Alicia Silverstone, Marco Brambilla
3 I rate shakespeare movies. Any other suggestions?	Love's Labour's Lost

1 Rebel Without a Cause, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Caddyshack, Ishtar, Holiday Inn, Let It Ride, and Harold and Maude are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Frankie and Johnny
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I like Aaron Kim Johnston movies more. Do you know anything else?	For the Moment

1 Seven Samurai, Hot Fuzz, Frankenstein, Shaun of the Dead, Pulp Fiction, Sin City, and The Pianist are films I really like. I'm looking for a Robert Rodriguez movie.	Grindhouse
2 What else is that about?	Action, Quentin Tarantino, murder, r, Robert Rodriguez, tarantino, Kurt Russell, Grindhouse, Rosario Dawson, exploitation, double feature, fake trailers
3 I like Horror movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Faculty

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Usual Suspects, and Donnie Darko are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Being John Malkovich
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Fantasy, Drama, original, John Cusack, John Malkovich, Cameron Diaz, Charlie Kaufman, Catherine Keener, Spike Jonze
3 I like Bradley Cooper movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Words

1 I really like Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, The Cabin in the Woods, The Shawshank Redemption, Inception, The Matrix, Blade Runner, and The Fountain. I'm looking for a bank movie.	Margin Call
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Spacey, business, cast, Greed, Jeremy Irons, financial crisis, Wall Street, Zachary Quinto, bank, J.C. Chandor
3 I rate Al Pacino movies. Any other suggestions?	Dog Day Afternoon

1 I watched the films Wayne's World, Fight Club, The Godfather, The Last of the Mohicans, American History X, The Dark Knight, and The Matrix and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Chariots of Fire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, historical, olympics, vangelis, Hugh Hudson
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Confessions of a Window Cleaner

1 I liked An Affair to Remember, The Notebook, The Quiet Man, The Little Mermaid, Sabrina, Operation Petticoat, and The Parent Trap. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	Donovan's Reef
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne, Jack Warden, Lee Marvin, Elizabeth Allen
3 I rate James Caan movies. Any other suggestions?	El Dorado

1 The Barbarian Invasions, Spider-Man 2, Take the Money and Run, Trainspotting, Ikiru, The Station Agent, and 21 Grams are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Splendor
2 What else is that about?	Paul Giamatti, comic books, Shari Springer Berman, Robert Pulcini
3 I prefer John Boulting movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seven Days to Noon

1 Big, The Princess Diaries, Frequency, Arsenic and Old Lace, Mission to Mars, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Bringing Up Baby are films I like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Bikini Beach
2 Who is that directed by?	William Asher
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Bonnie and Clyde and Das Boot are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jack Conway movie.	Boom Town
2 Who is that directed by?	Jack Conway

1 Saving Private Ryan, The Aviator, The Bone Collector, The Phantom of the Opera, The Holiday, Stardust, and Iron Man are movies I loved. I'm looking for an england movie.	King Arthur
2 Who does that star?	Clive Owen, Ioan Gruffudd
3 I prefer Vanessa Redgrave movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Anonymous

1 I really liked 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Chinatown, Village of the Damned, We Were Soldiers, Air Force One, MASH, and Them!. I'm looking for a Raoul Walsh movie.	High Sierra
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Ida Lupino
3 I like Ann Sheridan movies more. Do you know anything else?	They Drive by Night

1 American Beauty, Das Boot, Howards End, The Year of Living Dangerously, Big Night, Schindler's List, and Priest are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Best Years of Our Lives
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, best picture, William Wyler, Myrna Loy, veterans, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Coming Home, Teresa Wright
3 I prefer Bette Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dark Victory

1 I liked Rumble in the Bronx, Black Sheep, Phenomenon, Happy Gilmore, James and the Giant Peach, Muppet Treasure Island, and Broken Arrow. I'm looking for a parody movie.	Spy Hard
2 Who does that star?	Leslie Nielsen, Nicollette Sheridan
3 I like Annette Bening movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mars Attacks!

1 Independence Day, Courage Under Fire, City Hall, Liar Liar, The Nutty Professor, Broken Arrow, and Jerry Maguire are films I like. I'm looking for a Leslie Nielsen movie.	Spy Hard
2 Who does that star?	Leslie Nielsen, Nicollette Sheridan
3 I prefer Anne Francis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forbidden Planet

1 I like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Billy Madison, The Land Before Time, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Fantasia, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Ghostbusters. I'm looking for a jerry bruckheimer movie.	Con Air
2 What else is that about?	Action, Prison, Nicolas Cage, John Cusack, John Malkovich, jerry bruckheimer, Simon West
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Enemy of the State

1 I love Good Will Hunting, Raising Arizona, The City of Lost Children, Blazing Saddles, The Godfather, Cinema Paradiso, and Caddyshack. I'm looking for an eastwood movie.	Unforgiven
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, Gene Hackman, best picture, Richard Harris, eastwood
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Outlaw Josey Wales

1 I love My Life as a Dog, On Golden Pond, Priest, The Manchurian Candidate, Big Night, East of Eden, and Wings of Desire. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	The Sum of Us
2 What else is that about?	Russell Crowe
3 I rate story movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man with the Iron Fists

1 I really like American Beauty, The Godfather, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, The Third Man, The River Wild, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Ikiru
2 What else is that about?	japan, death, Akira Kurosawa, tokyo, kurosawa, terminal illness, Takashi Shimura
3 I like toshiro mifune movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rashomon

1 I watched the films When Harry Met Sally..., Blue Velvet, A Clockwork Orange, A Fish Called Wanda, My Life as a Dog, The Sixth Sense, and Nashville and loved them. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Night Porter
2 Who does that star?	Charlotte Rampling, Dirk Bogarde

1 Carrie, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Army of Darkness, Enemy at the Gates, Casino, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Donnie Darko are movies I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Cruel Intentions
2 What else is that about?	High School, r, Reese Witherspoon, get, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Selma Blair
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Die Hard

1 Toy Story 3, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Graduate, Monsoon Wedding, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Yellow Submarine, and Fitzcarraldo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a monologue movie.	Monster in a Box
2 What else is that about?	monologue, Nick Broomfield
3 I like characters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pulp Fiction

1 I loved Malcolm X, Hairspray, Taxi Driver, Ran, Carnival of Souls, The General, and Blue Collar. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Sugarland Express
2 Who does that star?	William Atherton, Goldie Hawn, Ben Johnson, Michael Sacks
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Toy Story, A Fish Called Wanda, Brazil, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Back to the Future, Goodfellas, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I loved. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Nancy Travis
3 I rate Patricia Clarkson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dead Pool

1 Braveheart, Get Shorty, The Godfather, Goodfellas, A Few Good Men, Patch Adams, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Norrington
3 I rate Kurt Wimmer movies. Any other suggestions?	Equilibrium

1 Gladiator, Pat and Mike, Day for Night, To Catch a Thief, The Verdict, My Life as a Dog, and Henry V are films I like. I'm looking for a Brett Morgen movie.	The Kid Stays in the Picture
2 Who is that directed by?	Nanette Burstein, Brett Morgen

1 Top Hat, Adam's Rib, I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang, Fargo, Jaws, Das Boot, and A Hard Day's Night are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a holocaust movie.	Shoah
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Lanzmann
3 I prefer Sidney Lumet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pawnbroker

1 Donnie Darko, Goodfellas, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, City of God, District 9, Fight Club, and Seven Samurai are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt
3 I like Shelley Winters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bloody Mama

1 I love The Grapes of Wrath, Casablanca, Fargo, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Reservoir Dogs, The Last Emperor, and Welcome to the Dollhouse. I'm looking for a satire movie.	Sullivan's Travels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, satire, national film registry, Preston Sturges, Veronica Lake
3 I prefer Annette Bening movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Beauty

1 I really like Fantasia, Akira, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, Forrest Gump, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Watership Down. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Little Mermaid
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Daniel Barnes, Jodi Benson, Pat Carroll
3 I like Corbin Bernsen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hello Again

1 La Femme Nikita, Diva, L.A. Confidential, Dial M for Murder, Pulp Fiction, Excalibur, and Cabaret are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	If....
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Lindsay Anderson
3 I prefer Alan Parker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Angela's Ashes

1 Grosse Pointe Blank, Marty, The Thin Man, The Muppet Movie, Life Is Beautiful, Cry, the Beloved Country, and Shakespeare in Love are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Driving Miss Daisy
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Jessica Tandy
3 I prefer Naomi Watts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Impossible

1 I really like Remember the Titans, Misery, The Bourne Identity, Toy Story, Forrest Gump, The Insider, and Driving Miss Daisy. I'm looking for a Brad Bird movie.	The Incredibles
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Animation, superhero, comic book, pixar, disney, Family, dvd, super-hero, animated, superheroes, pixar animation, hugo award, Hero, Brad Bird, michael giacchino, powers
3 I like military movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Iron Giant

1 Pi, The Mission, Toy Story, Mary and Max, The Incredibles, The Matrix, and Schindler's List are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, Polly Bergen
3 I prefer Christopher Plummer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pyx

1 Jeffrey, The Silence of the Lambs, Shallow Grave, Corrina, Corrina, Heat, Clueless, and Mighty Aphrodite are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Keaton movie.	Speechless
2 What else is that about?	Michael Keaton, Geena Davis
3 I rate Revenge movies. Any other suggestions?	Batman

1 I really like Minority Report, The Big Lebowski, Fletch Lives, Changing Lanes, Henry V, My Fair Lady, and Executive Decision. I'm looking for a Viggo Mortensen movie.	Hidalgo
2 Who does that star?	Viggo Mortensen, Omar Sharif, Zuleikha Robinson
3 I rate Michael Douglas movies. Any other suggestions?	A Perfect Murder

1 Being John Malkovich, Persuasion, Eat Drink Man Woman, M. Butterfly, Lone Star, Living in Oblivion, and Shall We Dance? are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 Who is that directed by?	Giuseppe Tornatore
3 I like Richard Loncraine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wide-Eyed and Legless

1 Stargate, Eraser, The Rock, The Terminator, Cliffhanger, Powder, and Die Hard are movies I like. I'm looking for a Chris Van Allsburg movie.	Jumanji
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Robin Williams, children, Kirsten Dunst, Joe Johnston, game, Chris Van Allsburg
3 I rate 3d movies. Any other suggestions?	The Polar Express

1 I watched the films The Last Samurai, The Matrix, Face/Off, Gladiator, Demolition Man, The Rock, and Stargate and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Headhunters
2 What else is that about?	art, painting, Morten Tyldum
3 I like Elmore Leonard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Killshot

1 Nell, Miracle on 34th Street, Apollo 13, Clear and Present Danger, and Crimson Tide are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jeremy Northam movie.	The Net
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Irwin Winkler
3 I like Vincenzo Natali movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cypher

1 GoldenEye, Wag the Dog, Contact, Aladdin, Casablanca, Get Shorty, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bad Boys
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn, Rick Rosenthal
3 I like Tyrese Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Waist Deep

1 Chinatown, The Wrong Trousers, Carrie, Dracula, Vertigo, Fantasia, and Bob Roberts are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Day of the Beast
2 Who does that star?	Santiago Segura, Álex Angulo, Armando De Razza
3 I rate Pierce Brosnan movies. Any other suggestions?	After the Sunset

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Being John Malkovich, Chinatown, Bad Education, Anatomy of a Murder, Get Carter, and Fargo are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	La Dolce Vita
2 What else is that about?	golden palm, Italian, Federico Fellini, palme d'or
3 I prefer Robert Altman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Prairie Home Companion

1 I liked Arlington Road, Titanic, The Sixth Sense, The Doors, Fight Club, Being John Malkovich, and Creepshow. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dead Calm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Nicole Kidman, Sam Neill, Phillip Noyce, Billy Zane
3 I prefer germany movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Valkyrie

1 Wings of Desire, The General, Repo Man, Rebecca, Casablanca, The Right Stuff, and M are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dracula movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I prefer Christopher Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taste the Blood of Dracula

1 I really like Election, The Thin Blue Line, Gladiator, The Apartment, The Seventh Seal, Glengarry Glen Ross, and The English Patient. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	The Purple Rose of Cairo
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Woody Allen
3 I rate New York movies. Any other suggestions?	Manhattan

1 I love The Bourne Identity, Live Free or Die Hard, There Will Be Blood, Boiler Room, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Bourne Supremacy, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Pursuit of Happyness
2 What else is that about?	Will Smith, homeless, Jaden Smith, Gabriele Muccino
3 I prefer golden palm movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	La Dolce Vita

1 Jerry Maguire, Ghostbusters, A Civil Action, The Maltese Falcon, X-Men, The Object of My Affection, and The Frighteners are films I liked. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 What else is that about?	Charles Dickens
3 I prefer Jack Conway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Tale of Two Cities

1 A Grand Day Out, Return to Oz, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Jurassic Park, GoldenEye, Space Jam, and A Close Shave are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Home Alone
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, christmas, Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Chris Columbus, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Heard
3 I rate ghosts movies. Any other suggestions?	Casper

1 West Side Story, Slumdog Millionaire, Black Swan, and Batman Begins are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Frost/Nixon
2 What else is that about?	r, historical, television, Broadway, Ron Howard, president, Frank Langella, richard nixon, Michael Sheen, Nixon
3 I like Alex Pettyfer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wild Child

1 Lost in Translation, Matewan, Raising Victor Vargas, The Hudsucker Proxy, Bowling for Columbine, and Dead Poets Society are movies I liked. I'm looking for a New York movie.	Happy Accidents
2 Who does that star?	Marisa Tomei, Vincent D'Onofrio
3 I prefer Olympia Dukakis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Moonstruck

1 I watched the films The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, The Goonies, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Saving Private Ryan, The Usual Suspects, and Das Boot and loved them. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I rate Richard Jenkins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Indian in the Cupboard

1 I love Scream, Army of Darkness, Multiplicity, The Silence of the Lambs, Donnie Brasco, The Birds, and Ransom. I'm looking for a Stuart Rosenberg movie.	The Amityville Horror
2 What else is that about?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I rate Prison movies. Any other suggestions?	Cool Hand Luke

1 The Princess Bride, Sneakers, Kelly's Heroes, American Graffiti, Predator, Rocky, and American Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a vacation movie.	What About Bob?
2 What else is that about?	Bill Murray, psychiatrist, vacation, Richard Dreyfuss, Frank Oz
3 I like Barry Sonnenfeld movies more. Do you know anything else?	RV

1 I watched the films Philadelphia, Mr. Holland's Opus, Forrest Gump, Mrs. Doubtfire, Dances with Wolves, The Shawshank Redemption, and Legends of the Fall and loved them. I'm looking for a hollywood movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I like Steve Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bowfinger

1 Moonstruck, The Incredibles, The Rock, The Aviator, Iron Man, Forrest Gump, and Iron Man 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dan in Real Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Hedges
3 I like Richard Linklater movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boyhood

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Shining, Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, and V for Vendetta are movies I love. I'm looking for a talking animals movie.	Kung Fu Panda
2 Who does that star?	Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Jack Black, Ian McShane

1 American Pie, Cheaper by the Dozen, Dude, Where's My Car?, Blue Crush, The Wedding Singer, Legally Blonde, and The Parent Trap are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Dwayne Johnson movie.	Hercules
2 What else is that about?	Dwayne Johnson
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Southland Tales

1 I liked Three Kings, Unforgiven, The Crow, Planet of the Apes, Die Hard, Dangerous Liaisons, and The Thomas Crown Affair. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Swingers
2 Who is that directed by?	Doug Liman
3 I prefer Bruce McDonald movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Highway 61

1 Apollo 13, When Harry Met Sally..., Aladdin, Dead Man Walking, The Sound of Music, Braveheart, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jerry Maguire
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Renée Zellweger
3 I like Billy Crudup movies more. Do you know anything else?	Waking the Dead

1 A Clockwork Orange, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, Fargo, When Harry Met Sally..., Braveheart, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	A Christmas Story
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, classic, christmas, Holiday, Bob Clark
3 I rate Reese Witherspoon movies. Any other suggestions?	Four Christmases

1 I loved Toy Story 3, The Dark Knight, The Social Network, Up, The Shawshank Redemption, Black Swan, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a boxing movie.	Cinderella Man
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Paul Giamatti, Renée Zellweger
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Million Dollar Baby

1 The Dark Knight, Fight Club, Inglourious Basterds, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and Donnie Darko are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	EuroTrip
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mandel, Jeff Schaffer, Alec Berg
3 I like Betty Thomas movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Spy

1 I loved The Shawshank Redemption, Nobody's Fool, To Die For, In the Name of the Father, Persuasion, The Usual Suspects, and Hoop Dreams. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 What else is that about?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Ivan Reitman
3 I rate view askew movies. Any other suggestions?	Chasing Amy

1 The Muppets Take Manhattan, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Wild Reeds, Muriel's Wedding, Ghostbusters, Bound, and Say Anything... are films I love. I'm looking for a William H. Macy movie.	Happy, Texas
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Illsley
3 I rate David S. Ward movies. Any other suggestions?	Down Periscope

1 Apollo 13, Schindler's List, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Speed, Miracle on 34th Street, Forrest Gump, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, seattle, Nora Ephron, empire state building
3 I prefer Sarah Michelle Gellar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Southland Tales

1 I watched the films Monsters, Inc., Sleepless in Seattle, The Sting, The Silence of the Lambs, Chocolat, Harold and Maude, and Harvey and loved them. I'm looking for a Ben Stiller movie.	There's Something About Mary
2 Who does that star?	Cameron Diaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meet the Parents

1 Charade, Schindler's List, L.A. Confidential, Far from Heaven, Citizen Kane, Meet Me in St. Louis, and Annie Hall are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Umbrellas of Cherbourg
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, French, Catherine Deneuve, Jacques Demy
3 I prefer Elvis Presley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jailhouse Rock

1 I watched the films Tarzan, Phantasm, Back to the Future Part II, Night of the Living Dead, Aliens, Starship Troopers, and Mulan and loved them. I'm looking for an Ingrid Bergman movie.	Anastasia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Ingrid Bergman, Yul Brynner, Anatole Litvak, Helen Hayes
3 I prefer Stanley Donen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Indiscreet

1 Superman, The Truman Show, Thinner, Sphere, Spartacus, Mulan, and Happy Gilmore are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	54
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Christopher
3 I rate Olivier Assayas movies. Any other suggestions?	Summer Hours

1 I loved Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Toy Story, Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer Henry Hathaway movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lives of a Bengal Lancer

1 I watched the films Phenomenon, Dead Man Walking, Broken Arrow, Leaving Las Vegas, and Matilda and loved them. I'm looking for a Julia Ormond movie.	Sabrina
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, Harrison Ford, Greg Kinnear, Julia Ormond
3 I rate King Arthur movies. Any other suggestions?	First Knight

1 Cliffhanger, The Shawshank Redemption, Clear and Present Danger, Braveheart, and Legends of the Fall are films I really liked. I'm looking for a sexual harassment movie.	Disclosure
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Donald Sutherland, Demi Moore

1 The Usual Suspects, Easy Rider, Dogma, In Bruges, Amélie, The King's Speech, and Seven Samurai are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Driving Miss Daisy
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, Bruce Beresford, Jessica Tandy
3 I like Warren Beatty movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heaven Can Wait

1 Road to Perdition, American Splendor, The Man Who Wasn't There, Everyone Says I Love You, Minority Report, The Truman Show, and Magnolia are movies I loved. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Northfork
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Polish

1 I really like Food, Inc., Barton Fink, The Cove, The Man from Earth, Goodfellas, Office Space, and The Pianist. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Waltz with Bashir
2 What else is that about?	War, r, Documentary, animated, israel, Ari Folman
3 I rate surfing movies. Any other suggestions?	Riding Giants

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Minority Report, The Poseidon Adventure, Deliverance, Total Recall, The Jerk, and Alien are films I really liked. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	Man on the Moon
2 What else is that about?	Jim Carrey, biographical, Paul Giamatti, Danny DeVito, Patton Oswalt, Andy Kaufman, Courtney Love
3 I rate country music movies. Any other suggestions?	Walk the Line

1 Scrooged, Dave, Memento, The Maltese Falcon, Clue, The Shawshank Redemption, and Brokeback Mountain are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Human Stain
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise
3 I like Humphrey Bogart movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Legion

1 Ben-Hur, Citizen Kane, There's Something About Mary, Cinderella Man, L.A. Confidential, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Up are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Map of the World
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, David Strathairn
3 I like Olivier Martinez movies more. Do you know anything else?	Unfaithful

1 Major Payne, Powder, The Firm, Copycat, Cape Fear, The American President, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a Matthew McConaughey movie.	A Time to Kill
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Richard Linklater movies. Any other suggestions?	Dazed and Confused

1 I love American History X, Kung Fu Panda, Dogville, Shutter Island, Cashback, The Godfather, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Moment to Remember
2 Who is that directed by?	John H. Lee
3 I prefer Brillante Mendoza movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thy Womb

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Aladdin, Back to the Future Part II, Selena, Braveheart, The Big Lebowski, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for an Emilio Estevez movie.	St. Elmo's Fire
2 What else is that about?	brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Rob Lowe
3 I prefer Kiefer Sutherland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Young Guns

1 The Breakfast Club, The Truman Show, Shrek 2, Being John Malkovich, Grave of the Fireflies, Princess Mononoke, and Requiem for a Dream are movies I like. I'm looking for a Simon Pegg movie.	Shaun of the Dead
2 Who does that star?	Simon Pegg, Nick Frost
3 I prefer David Schwimmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Nothing

1 Jurassic Park, Dracula, 12 Angry Men, The Secret Garden, Metropolis, Patton, and Jaws are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Glass Menagerie
2 What else is that about?	Tennessee Williams, Anthony Harvey
3 I rate Henry Hathaway movies. Any other suggestions?	Down to the Sea in Ships

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Ten Commandments, Saving Private Ryan, Watership Down, Apocalypse Now, Citizen Kane, and Cold Mountain are films I really like. I'm looking for a Helen Mirren movie.	Gosford Park
2 What else is that about?	murder, r, ensemble cast, Clive Owen, Helen Mirren, Robert Altman, altman
3 I prefer Brendan Fraser movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Inkheart

1 Life Is Beautiful, Kramer vs. Kramer, Sophie's Choice, The Killing Fields, Dead Man Walking, The French Connection, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Thirteen Days
2 What else is that about?	political, Kevin Costner, cuban missile crisis, Roger Donaldson, John F. Kennedy, Bruce Greenwood
3 I like Hamlet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hamlet

1 Reservoir Dogs, Galaxy Quest, M, Hud, Dead Man Walking, Smoke, and Spider are films I loved. I'm looking for a Mario Bava movie.	Black Sabbath
2 Who is that directed by?	Mario Bava

1 The Waterboy, Bang Bang You're Dead, Inglourious Basterds, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Pineapple Express, The Lion King, and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Step Brothers
2 Who is that directed by?	Adam McKay
3 I prefer James Mangold movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knight and Day

1 I really liked American Graffiti, The Great Escape, Heat, Nosferatu, The Right Stuff, The Hustler, and Glory. I'm looking for a Pigs movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I prefer 4 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Spirited Away

1 Beauty and the Beast, Quantum of Solace, 300, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Sherlock Holmes, The Avengers, and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince are movies I love. I'm looking for a prehistoric movie.	The Croods
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, prehistoric, Chris Sanders
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prehistoric Women

1 Sliding Doors, Big Night, The Great Santini, Bicycle Thieves, The Cider House Rules, Life Is Beautiful, and Topsy-Turvy are films I liked. I'm looking for a Walter Salles movie.	Central Station
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Brazil, rio de janeiro, Walter Salles
3 I like biopic movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Motorcycle Diaries

1 The Night of the Hunter, Ghostbusters, Airplane!, The Wizard of Oz, The Silence of the Lambs, Cool Hand Luke, and Blade Runner are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Kind Hearts and Coronets
2 What else is that about?	Family, Alec Guinness
3 I like Clarence Brown movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Human Comedy

1 I watched the films Moulin Rouge!, There's Something About Mary, Old School, Pulp Fiction, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Wedding Singer, and The Silence of the Lambs and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Punch-Drunk Love
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I like Rolf Silber movies more. Do you know anything else?	Regular Guys

1 The Crying Game, Much Ado About Nothing, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Frankenstein, Cool Hand Luke, Farewell My Concubine, and Dark City are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Stephen Hawking movie.	A Brief History of Time
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Hawking
3 I rate Benedict Cumberbatch movies. Any other suggestions?	Hawking

1 Being John Malkovich, The Shawshank Redemption, The African Queen, Hoosiers, L.A. Story, Being There, and The Graduate are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	The Last Emperor
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole, John Lone, Joan Chen, Ruocheng Ying
3 I like Greer Garson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Madame Curie

1 Men in Black, Brazil, Ocean's Eleven, La Dolce Vita, Thirteen Days, Manhattan, and Back to the Future are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Money Pit

1 The Iron Giant, The Little Mermaid, Sleeping Beauty, Spider-Man, Taken, Tarzan, and The Adjustment Bureau are films I really like. I'm looking for an Eric Bana movie.	The Time Traveler's Wife
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Rachel McAdams, Eric Bana, Robert Schwentke
3 I rate finland movies. Any other suggestions?	Hanna

1 I like The Full Monty, Fletch, Happy Gilmore, Sixteen Candles, Sabrina, Trading Places, and The Big Chill. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Midsummer Night's Dream
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, shakespeare, James Cagney, William Dieterle, Olivia de Havilland
3 I prefer High School movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dance of the Dead

1 U Turn, Scream, Gattaca, Speed, Twister, Panic Room, and Aliens are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	Willow
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Stefen Fangmeier movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eragon

1 Anatomy of a Murder, The Hunt for Red October, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Great Escape, The Right Stuff, It Happened One Night, and A Christmas Story are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Twelve O'Clock High
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry King
3 I like Alfonso Cuarón movies more. Do you know anything else?	Children of Men

1 Lost in Translation, Pan's Labyrinth, Oldboy, Happiness, Persepolis, Pulp Fiction, and Downfall are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Badlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I like Michael Cimino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Year of the Dragon

1 I really like The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Fargo, American Beauty, The Princess Bride, and Reservoir Dogs. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	City of God
2 Who does that star?	Douglas Silva, Leandro Firmino, Alexandre Rodrigues
3 I rate Ryun Jang movies. Any other suggestions?	Wild Animals

1 Babe, Pinocchio, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Secret Garden, Jurassic Park, The Lion King, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mervyn LeRoy movie.	Little Women
2 What else is that about?	classic, Mervyn LeRoy, Louisa May Alcott
3 I prefer amnesia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Random Harvest

1 Rear Window, Belle de Jour, Vertigo, Miller's Crossing, Apocalypse Now, The Big Sleep, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Old movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	J. Lee Thompson
3 I prefer Samuel Fuller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pickup on South Street

1 Fantasia, Cell 211, Batman Forever, The Forbidden Kingdom, Kick-Ass, Inception, and Moon are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zombieland
2 Who is that directed by?	Ruben Fleischer
3 I rate Harold S. Bucquet movies. Any other suggestions?	Without Love

1 I really liked Breaking the Waves, Forrest Gump, Lust, Caution, The Piano, Constantine, Taste of Cherry, and Into the Wild. I'm looking for an erotic movie.	Unfaithful
2 Who is that directed by?	Adrian Lyne
3 I like Bernardo Bertolucci movies more. Do you know anything else?	Last Tango in Paris

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Simpsons Movie, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Twilight, Star Trek, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Junior are films I liked. I'm looking for an Ian McKellen movie.	The Da Vinci Code
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, Tom Hanks, christianity, controversial, Paris, Jean Reno, book, Audrey Tautou, Ian McKellen, Ron Howard, Paul Bettany, museum, Dan Brown
3 I prefer shakespeare movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Richard III

1 Midnight Cowboy, The Dreamlife of Angels, Flirting with Disaster, Goodfellas, Bonnie and Clyde, The Graduate, and The Godfather are films I liked. I'm looking for a canada movie.	Exotica
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan
3 I like Michael Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sicko

1 Life as a House, Princess Mononoke, The Man Who Wasn't There, Minority Report, The Score, A Beautiful Mind, and The Matrix are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	In the Bedroom
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Todd Field
3 I like Samuel L. Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Sunset Limited

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Jacob's Ladder, Dead Again, Fallen, The Rock, The Matrix, and Contact are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	In the Mouth of Madness
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I prefer John Suits movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breathing Room

1 The Last Emperor, Somewhere in Time, Executive Decision, Alien, La Femme Nikita, The Pelican Brief, and A Bug's Life are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Mel Gibson, series, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer united states movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Shaun of the Dead, Back to the Future Part II, The Matrix, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Airplane! are movies I loved. I'm looking for a time movie.	Back to the Future
2 What else is that about?	High School, sequel, future, Steven Spielberg, story, science fiction, teen, national film registry, spielberg, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, tv, Robert Zemeckis, time, sf, hugo award, Crispin Glover, Lea Thompson, Back to the Future
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Back to the Future Part III

1 Alice in Wonderland, Gods and Monsters, The Matrix, Bonnie and Clyde, The Limey, Ben-Hur, and L.I.E. are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Airport
2 What else is that about?	Airport, Burt Lancaster, Helen Hayes, Van Heflin
3 I rate dvd movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shawshank Redemption

1 I love Raiders of the Lost Ark, Alien, The Postman, American Psycho, K-PAX, Peggy Sue Got Married, and My Best Friend's Wedding. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Affair of the Necklace
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Shyer
3 I rate Guy Moshe movies. Any other suggestions?	Holly

1 Metropolis, Paths of Glory, A Grand Day Out, The Fifth Element, Toy Story, Of Mice and Men, and The Killing are movies I loved. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin

1 The Three Musketeers, Speed, Renaissance Man, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Mask, Sleepless in Seattle, and French Kiss are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 What else is that about?	Music, High School, teacher, William H. Macy, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Herek, Olympia Dukakis
3 I prefer Aki Kaurismäki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Le Havre

1 Memento, Blow, Reservoir Dogs, Goodfellas, The Matrix, Saving Private Ryan, and The Sixth Sense are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Boiler Room
2 Who does that star?	Vin Diesel, Giovanni Ribisi, Nia Long, Nicky Katt
3 I prefer Tony Lo Bianco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Honeymoon Killers

1 The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Role Models, Taken, Forrest Gump, Definitely, Maybe, The Matrix, and Avatar are films I loved. I'm looking for a Roger Kumble movie.	Just Friends
2 Who does that star?	Ryan Reynolds, Chris Klein, Amy Smart, Anna Faris
3 I prefer Christina Applegate movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Sweetest Thing

1 Forrest Gump, Pi, Fight Club, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Sneakers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Cable Guy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jim Carrey, Ben Stiller, Matthew Broderick
3 I like Cameron Diaz movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Life Less Ordinary

1 Schindler's List, The House of Yes, The Shawshank Redemption, La Femme Nikita, JFK, The Truman Show, and Raging Bull are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Traffic
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I like John Landis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Innocent Blood

1 Titanic, Forrest Gump, Red Corner, L.A. Confidential, The Full Monty, The Hunt for Red October, and Crimson Tide are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Love! Valour! Compassion!
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Mantello
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 A Streetcar Named Desire, Scent of a Woman, Pulp Fiction, Das Boot, Rear Window, The Sting, and Raising Arizona are movies I love. I'm looking for an Ashley Judd movie.	Kiss the Girls
2 Who is that directed by?	Gary Fleder
3 I prefer Bruce Beresford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Double Jeopardy

1 Walk the Line, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Brubaker, Groundhog Day, Cocoon, and West Side Story are films I liked. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	One True Thing
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, cancer, Carl Franklin
3 I like Albert Brooks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Defending Your Life

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Waiting for Guffman, The Apostle, The Wizard of Oz, A Fish Called Wanda, The Last Emperor, and Election are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Vertigo
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Kim Novak
3 I rate Jack Lemmon movies. Any other suggestions?	The China Syndrome

1 The Elephant Man, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The World Is Not Enough, Back to the Future, The Fugitive, Independence Day, and The Abyss are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bond movie.	For Your Eyes Only
2 What else is that about?	murder, james bond, 007, spy, bond, Roger Moore
3 I like Christopher Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Man with the Golden Gun

1 The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Wide Awake, Erin Brockovich, Shakespeare in Love, The Horse Whisperer, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Good Will Hunting are films I liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Absolute Power
2 Who is that directed by?	Clint Eastwood
3 I rate Lawrence Kasdan movies. Any other suggestions?	Wyatt Earp

1 Fargo, Big Night, The Godfather, Cinema Paradiso, Babe, The Maltese Falcon, and Casablanca are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Buena Vista Social Club
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I prefer Martin Scorsese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Letter to Elia

1 Manhattan, King Kong, Body Heat, Edward Scissorhands, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, and 25th Hour are movies I love. I'm looking for a J. Lee Thompson movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum, Polly Bergen
3 I prefer Herbert Lom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	North West Frontier

1 Reservoir Dogs, King Kong, Miller's Crossing, Citizen Kane, Chungking Express, Pulp Fiction, and Blade Runner are movies I love. I'm looking for a French movie.	Cyrano de Bergerac
2 What else is that about?	Drama, French, Gérard Depardieu, Anthony Burgess
3 I rate Mathieu Kassovitz movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crimson Rivers

1 Chasing Amy, Alice in Wonderland, Boys Don't Cry, Dance with Me, The Color Purple, Rushmore, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a violin movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red

1 I loved Pleasantville, The Horseman on the Roof, Howards End, Shakespeare in Love, The Last Picture Show, Dave, and A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Candidate
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Peter Boyle
3 I like Joseph Fiennes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dust

1 The Mask of Zorro, Clear and Present Danger, When Harry Met Sally..., The Princess Bride, Pretty in Pink, The Outsiders, and Sliding Doors are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dead Again
2 What else is that about?	Music, Emma Thompson, Kenneth Branagh
3 I rate Angelina Jolie movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tourist

1 Pulp Fiction, Leaving Las Vegas, Dances with Wolves, and Taxi Driver are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I prefer Barry Bostwick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rocky Horror Picture Show

1 I really liked The Dark Knight Rises, The Avengers, The Firm, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, and Galaxy Quest. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Maze Runner
2 Who does that star?	Dylan O'Brien
3 I rate Paul Lukas movies. Any other suggestions?	The Casino Murder Case

1 I really like Aladdin, Crimson Tide, Batman Forever, Natural Born Killers, The Shawshank Redemption, Executive Decision, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Cliffhanger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, mountains, Renny Harlin, John Lithgow, harlin
3 I like violence movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ichi the Killer

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Fight Club, Crash, The Incredibles, Blade Runner, Raising Arizona, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ratatouille
2 Who does that star?	Ian Holm, Brian Dennehy, Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano
3 I prefer Red Buttons movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Movie Movie

1 GoldenEye, The Bourne Supremacy, Brokeback Mountain, Johnny Mnemonic, JFK, Cruel Intentions, and The Hunt for Red October are films I liked. I'm looking for an Audrey Tautou movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I prefer Mystery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Da Vinci Code

1 I watched the films In the Mood for Love, A Bug's Life, Breaking the Waves, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Pillow Book, Inland Empire, and No Country for Old Men and loved them. I'm looking for a Hal Hartley movie.	Amateur
2 What else is that about?	Hal Hartley
3 I like Sarah Polley movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Such Thing

1 The Usual Suspects, Clear and Present Danger, Stargate, The Deer Hunter, Empire of the Sun, The Last Emperor, and The Hunt for Red October are films I liked. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	The Rocketeer
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jennifer Connelly, Timothy Dalton, Joe Johnston
3 I prefer Rob Zombie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Haunted World of El Superbeasto

1 Iron Man, Michael, National Treasure, Iron Man 2, Night at the Museum, 13 Going on 30, and Megamind are films I liked. I'm looking for a Phil Lord movie.	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
2 Who does that star?	James Caan, Anna Faris, Bill Hader, Andy Samberg
3 I like Channing Tatum movies more. Do you know anything else?	22 Jump Street

1 I liked Bowling for Columbine, The Proposition, The Wrestler, Full Metal Jacket, Magnolia, Moon, and Ed Wood. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hunger
2 Who is that directed by?	Henning Carlsen
3 I prefer Kevin Reynolds movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Eight Seven

1 I liked Unforgiven, High Plains Drifter, Little Big Man, Jurassic Park, Jeremiah Johnson, and The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance. I'm looking for an eastwood movie.	The Outlaw Josey Wales
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, civil war, american civil war, eastwood
3 I rate Don Siegel movies. Any other suggestions?	Dirty Harry

1 Flight of the Navigator, Serenity, Donnie Darko, 50 First Dates, The Pursuit of Happyness, Independence Day, and The Net are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kirstie Alley movie.	Look Who's Talking
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bruce Willis, John Travolta, Kirstie Alley, Amy Heckerling
3 I like sequel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Look Who's Talking Too

1 The African Queen and Vertigo are films I really like. I'm looking for an israel movie.	The Band's Visit
2 Who is that directed by?	Eran Kolirin
3 I rate Nir Bergman movies. Any other suggestions?	Broken Wings

1 The Lion King, The Matrix, Raising Arizona, Deliverance, Toy Story 2, Taxi Driver, and Alien are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	Of Mice and Men
2 What else is that about?	John Malkovich, Gary Sinise, John Steinbeck
3 I prefer south africa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Disgrace

1 A Bug's Life, Romancing the Stone, Laura, The Hunt for Red October, Bad Lieutenant, Chasing Amy, and The Birdcage are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, italy, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, spain, bad, f, spaghetti, dollars trilogy
3 I rate Samuel Fuller movies. Any other suggestions?	Forty Guns

1 Scream, Scary Movie, Scary Movie 2, The Grudge 2, Titanic, The Grudge 3, and Speed are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I rate George A. Romero movies. Any other suggestions?	Day of the Dead

1 I really liked My Own Private Idaho, Evil Dead II, Hackers, The Wizard of Oz, The Mummy, Scream, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Blair Witch Project
2 What else is that about?	Horror, dvd, witch, found footage, video
3 I prefer ghosts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Frighteners

1 The Terminator, Rocky, 12 Angry Men, Blade Runner, Back to the Future, Edward Scissorhands, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Vertigo
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Kim Novak
3 I like Hayley Mills movies more. Do you know anything else?	That Darn Cat!

1 A Goofy Movie, Father of the Bride Part II, Clueless, Waiting to Exhale, Little Women, It Takes Two, and Jumanji are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Coneheads
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Barron
3 I rate Richard Elfman movies. Any other suggestions?	Forbidden Zone

1 I like Shrek, A Bug's Life, The Little Mermaid, The Jungle Book, Toy Story, Dead Poets Society, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Emperor's Club
2 What else is that about?	prep school
3 I rate Demi Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Indecent Proposal

1 The Bourne Ultimatum, Saving Private Ryan, Psycho, Fight Club, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Blair Witch Project, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I prefer Richard Fleischer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	10 Rillington Place

1 MASH, Goodfellas, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Cool Hand Luke, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Graduate, and The 39 Steps are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I rate Gillian Armstrong movies. Any other suggestions?	Mrs. Soffel

1 I really like In the Line of Fire, Copycat, Entrapment, Shakespeare in Love, Air Force One, Basic Instinct, and Heat. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Desperate Measures
2 Who does that star?	Brian Cox, Michael Keaton, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I like Robert De Niro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Killer Elite

1 Final Destination, The Hidden, U-571, Boogie Nights, Airplane!, Time Bandits, and Full Metal Jacket are films I loved. I'm looking for a Lars von Trier movie.	The Idiots
2 What else is that about?	Lars von Trier
3 I like Bryce Dallas Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Manderlay

1 I like Babe, The Lion King, While You Were Sleeping, Beauty and the Beast, Pretty Woman, Ghost, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mrs. Doubtfire
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robin Williams, Chris Columbus, Sally Field
3 I prefer satire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Four Lions

1 I really like Princess Mononoke, Shakespeare in Love, Clerks, Seven Samurai, The Game, Life Is Beautiful, and Willow. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Payback
2 What else is that about?	classic, r, Mel Gibson, Brian Helgeland
3 I like Antoine Fuqua movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bait

1 Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hot Shots! Part Deux
2 Who does that star?	Charlie Sheen, Valeria Golino, Richard Crenna, Lloyd Bridges
3 I prefer Gregory Hines movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Off Limits

1 Romancing the Stone, Top Gun, The Hunt for Red October, The Philadelphia Story, Escape from New York, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Excalibur are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	Funeral in Berlin
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Hamilton
3 I prefer Louis Leterrier movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Now You See Me

1 Back to the Future, The Terminator, Raise the Red Lantern, Chariots of Fire, Blazing Saddles, All About My Mother, and Being John Malkovich are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 What else is that about?	Ang Lee
3 I rate criterion movies. Any other suggestions?	Ride with the Devil

1 I watched the films The Firm, Good Morning, Vietnam, Jacob's Ladder, Psycho, Picnic at Hanging Rock, The Sixth Sense, and The Net and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kramer vs. Kramer
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Divorce, Robert Benton
3 I rate Abbas Kiarostami movies. Any other suggestions?	The Traveler

1 I really liked Django Unchained, Million Dollar Baby, Fly Away Home, Juno, The Princess Bride, Black Swan, and Stepmom. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	True Grit
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, coen brothers, Matt Damon, Western, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld, Barry Pepper
3 I prefer cult movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fargo

1 Vertigo, The Goonies, A Time to Kill, The Abyss, Mary Poppins, Nixon, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	M. Butterfly
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg
3 I prefer George Seaton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Country Girl

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Punch-Drunk Love, About Schmidt, Happiness, Black Hawk Down, There's Something About Mary, and Rushmore are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Y Tu Mamá También
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sexuality, Road Trip, sex, sexual, mexico, Spanish, mexican, Alfonso Cuarón, Diego Luna, Gael García Bernal
3 I like Kevin Reynolds movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fandango

1 A Place in the Sun, The End of the Affair, The Sweet Hereafter, The Grifters, The Band Wagon, Deconstructing Harry, and The Godfather are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	City of Industry
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Famke Janssen, Stephen Dorff, Timothy Hutton
3 I rate John Garfield movies. Any other suggestions?	They Made Me a Criminal

1 I really like The Sound of Music, Charade, A Woman Under the Influence, Magnolia, Blue Velvet, A History of Violence, and Jackie Brown. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Broken Embraces
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar
3 I rate Ted Post movies. Any other suggestions?	The Baby

1 I really like Casino, The Frighteners, True Lies, Jerry Maguire, Phenomenon, To Die For, and The Paper. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Heavy Metal
2 What else is that about?	Animation, nudity
3 I like William Dieterle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Portrait of Jennie

1 I love Die Hard 2, You've Got Mail, Sleepless in Seattle, The Mask of Zorro, The Birds, The Family Man, and Liar Liar. I'm looking for a Mark Steven Johnson movie.	Daredevil
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Steven Johnson

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Happy Gilmore, Kingpin, Dazed and Confused, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Terminator, and The Crow are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	S.F.W.
2 Who is that directed by?	Jefery Levy

1 Beetlejuice, Star Trek, Cast Away, Iron Man, Donnie Darko, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Lion King are movies I liked. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I rate dark movies. Any other suggestions?	Vidocq

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Prometheus, Looper, Titanic, Caddyshack, American Gangster, and Back to the Future Part II are films I love. I'm looking for a plot movie.	The Dark Knight Rises
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, new york city, Christian Bale, ending, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, plot, Christopher Nolan, Anne Hathaway, cast, trilogy, Tom Hardy, bane, production
3 I like Ralph Fiennes movies more. Do you know anything else?	Skyfall

1 Double Indemnity, Peeping Tom, Psycho, Bonnie and Clyde, Metropolis, The Producers, and Vertigo are films I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Celluloid Closet
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, gay, lesbian, hollywood, Rob Epstein
3 I like vietnam movies more. Do you know anything else?	Regret to Inform

1 Sling Blade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Untouchables, Saving Private Ryan, Suicide Kings, Erin Brockovich, and Shakespeare in Love are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Girlfight
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sports, Michelle Rodriguez, Karyn Kusama
3 I rate College movies. Any other suggestions?	Glory Road

1 Forrest Gump, Bound, Murder at 1600, Little Women, Pleasantville, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Somewhere in Time
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Plummer, Christopher Reeve, Teresa Wright, Jane Seymour
3 I like Joel McCrea movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Virginian

1 Independence Day, Sense and Sensibility, Dead Man Walking, and Ransom are movies I love. I'm looking for an Elisabeth Shue movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suicide, Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I rate Phillip Noyce movies. Any other suggestions?	The Saint

1 I liked Sense and Sensibility, Babe, Tin Cup, Chinatown, Fargo, Richard III, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I prefer Julie Hagerty movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Airplane!

1 I really liked Avalon, Delicatessen, The Thin Red Line, Hoop Dreams, October Sky, L.A. Confidential, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cast Away
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, Drama, Tom Hanks, stranded, island, Robert Zemeckis
3 I rate Scarlett Johansson movies. Any other suggestions?	Vicky Cristina Barcelona

1 I love A Beautiful Mind, Road to Perdition, X-Men, The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy, The Usual Suspects, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Phone Booth
2 What else is that about?	Colin Farrell, Forest Whitaker, Kiefer Sutherland, Sniper, Katie Holmes, Joel Schumacher, Phone Booth, phone
3 I like John Schlesinger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Eye for an Eye

1 Finding Nemo, The Rock, and Shrek are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Katie Holmes movie.	Batman Begins
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Batman, Gary Oldman, Liam Neeson, super-hero, Christopher Nolan, dc comics, iceland, comics, dc, Katie Holmes, comic, Fear, David S. Goyer
3 I like Cate Blanchett movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Gift

1 The Matrix, Re-Animator, Toy Story, The Thing, The Island of Dr. Moreau, Happy Gilmore, and Weird Science are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Blind Date
2 Who is that directed by?	Nico Mastorakis
3 I rate Dito Montiel movies. Any other suggestions?	The Son of No One

1 Man of Steel, Dallas Buyers Club, Interstellar, Django Unchained, Elysium, Saving Private Ryan, and I, Robot are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Skyline
2 Who does that star?	Brittany Daniel, Eric Balfour, Crystal Reed, Scottie Thompson
3 I prefer Bryan Brown movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	F/X2

1 The Shawshank Redemption, The Princess Bride, Back to the Future Part II, Back to the Future, The Matrix, Forrest Gump, and My Cousin Vinny are films I like. I'm looking for a Michael Palin movie.	A Fish Called Wanda
2 Who does that star?	John Cleese, Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Palin
3 I rate Katherine Helmond movies. Any other suggestions?	Brazil

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Inglourious Basterds, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Audition, Schindler's List, Pan's Labyrinth, and Equilibrium are films I really like. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	They Live
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Aliens, satirical, John Carpenter, Keith David
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mark of the Vampire

1 Fargo, Some Like It Hot, Oldboy, Blade Runner, Infernal Affairs, Pulp Fiction, and Casablanca are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Ron Perlman movie.	The City of Lost Children
2 What else is that about?	children, Ron Perlman, jeunet
3 I rate Dominic Monaghan movies. Any other suggestions?	I Sell the Dead

1 True Lies, Braveheart, The Fugitive, Casino, Copycat, The American President, and Babe are movies I love. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I rate Jeff Bridges movies. Any other suggestions?	The Contender

1 The Usual Suspects, The Princess Bride, Requiem for a Dream, The Wizard of Oz, Apocalypse Now, Trainspotting, and The Wrong Trousers are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Mulholland Drive
2 Who does that star?	Naomi Watts, Laura Harring
3 I like Fred MacMurray movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Princess Comes Across

1 Don Juan DeMarco, The Little Mermaid, Driving Miss Daisy, Fried Green Tomatoes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Sixteen Candles, and Sneakers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jeff Bridges movie.	The Contender
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Jeff Bridges, Christian Slater, political drama, Joan Allen, Rod Lurie
3 I prefer Andie MacDowell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Muse

1 Oldboy, Fight Club, The Godfather, Aladdin, Pulp Fiction, The Usual Suspects, and The Princess Bride are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	City Lights
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, friendship, Love, national film registry, sad, charlie chaplin, G, Chaplin, Blind
3 I rate Julia Ormond movies. Any other suggestions?	Sabrina

1 Edward Scissorhands, The Green Mile, Rain Man, Mary Poppins, The Holiday, Back to the Future, and The Proposal are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Richard LaGravenese movie.	P.S. I Love You
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard LaGravenese

1 Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Pulp Fiction, and Fight Club are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Triangle
2 What else is that about?	Melissa George, Christopher Smith
3 I rate Nicolas Roeg movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Timing

1 I loved Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Silence of the Lambs, The Grifters, The Usual Suspects, The Crying Game, Chocolat, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Lisa Cholodenko movie.	High Art
2 What else is that about?	Radha Mitchell, Lisa Cholodenko, Ally Sheedy
3 I rate Frances movies. Any other suggestions?	Laurel Canyon

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Ghostbusters, The Social Network, Chain Reaction, Boogie Nights, Fight Club, and Panic Room are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Other Guys
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Will Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Michael Keaton, Steve Coogan, Dwayne Johnson, Eva Mendes, Adam McKay, will ferrel
3 I prefer Andrew Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Collateral Damage

1 I really like Braveheart, Good Will Hunting, The Thomas Crown Affair, Pale Rider, Pulp Fiction, The General's Daughter, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a War movie.	Glory
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, r, Morgan Freeman, Denzel Washington, civil war, american civil war, Matthew Broderick, Edward Zwick
3 I prefer world war i movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	War Horse

1 Traffic, Bowling for Columbine, Akira, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Cry Freedom, Scarface, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I really liked. I'm looking for an unique movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I like Natalie Portman movies more. Do you know anything else?	V for Vendetta

1 Blade Runner, In the Name of the Father, Awakenings, Strictly Ballroom, The Straight Story, Toy Story, and Quiz Show are films I like. I'm looking for a Mike Judge movie.	Office Space
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Aniston, Ron Livingston, Ajay Naidu, David Herman
3 I rate Dax Shepard movies. Any other suggestions?	Idiocracy

1 The Godfather, Hotel Rwanda, The Big Sleep, Sin City, The Silence of the Lambs, Superman, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Monica Bellucci movie.	The Apartment
2 What else is that about?	Monica Bellucci
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Brothers Grimm

1 Monster's Ball, Amélie, Himalaya, Gladiator, Talk to Her, Six Degrees of Separation, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I love. I'm looking for a William Wyler movie.	Wuthering Heights
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, William Wyler
3 I prefer Eli Wallach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Steal a Million

1 Titanic, American Beauty, The Third Miracle, The Joy Luck Club, Malcolm X, The Good Earth, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I loved. I'm looking for a Matthew Broderick movie.	Torch Song Trilogy
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Bogart
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Ladyhawke

1 Porco Rosso, Dangerous Liaisons, Whisper of the Heart, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, The Scarlet Empress, and Jane Eyre are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sleepwalk with Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Birbiglia
3 I rate Jared Hess movies. Any other suggestions?	Gentlemen Broncos

1 The Blair Witch Project, The Breakfast Club, The Wizard of Oz, Casablanca, American Beauty, Aladdin, and Heathers are movies I like. I'm looking for a Laurence Olivier movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I prefer George Roy Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Little Romance

1 Edward Scissorhands, Scarface, Risky Business, A Clockwork Orange, American History X, The Shining, and The Terminator are movies I love. I'm looking for a Herbert Lom movie.	The Dead Zone
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Stephen King, Christopher Walken, David Cronenberg, Herbert Lom, cronenberg
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lady Vanishes

1 Memento, American History X, Magnolia, Requiem for a Dream, Elephant, The Others, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Thirteen
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, teen, sex, Evan Rachel Wood, Catherine Hardwicke
3 I prefer kindergarten movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hunt

1 The Bourne Identity, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, Saving Private Ryan, The Hunt for Red October, Swordfish, and Rush Hour are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Office Space
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Judge
3 I prefer Rusty Cundieff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sprung

1 Forrest Gump, The Untouchables, Tin Men, To Kill a Mockingbird, Strangers on a Train, The Grifters, and Blade Runner are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Out of Sight
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Jennifer Lopez
3 I rate Vince Vaughn movies. Any other suggestions?	The Break-Up

1 Happy Gilmore, The Craft, The Cable Guy, Trainspotting, and Down Periscope are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sgt. Bilko
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Lynn
3 I like David Moreton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Edge of Seventeen

1 I loved Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, American Beauty, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Saving Private Ryan, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins
3 I like Michael Caine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alfie

1 The Karate Kid, White Christmas, The Color Purple, Chocolat, Little Shop of Horrors, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Memento are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Twister
2 Who does that star?	Crispin Glover, Dylan McDermott, Harry Dean Stanton, Suzy Amis
3 I rate Sharon Leal movies. Any other suggestions?	Soul Men

1 Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, American History X, Memento, Toy Story, Shakespeare in Love, and American Beauty are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Life Is Beautiful
2 Who does that star?	Roberto Benigni
3 I prefer Amitabh Bachchan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...

1 Pulp Fiction, Heat, Full Metal Jacket, The Green Mile, Strange Days, Minority Report, and Cinema Paradiso are films I like. I'm looking for a James Cameron movie.	The Terminator
2 What else is that about?	Action, future, assassin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn
3 I like effects movies more. Do you know anything else?	Avatar

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Lion King, Troy, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Top Gun, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	EuroTrip
2 Who does that star?	Scott Mechlowicz, Jacob Pitts
3 I rate Matthew Modine movies. Any other suggestions?	Cutthroat Island

1 Malcolm X, On Golden Pond, Pretty Woman, The Insider, Apollo 13, When Harry Met Sally..., and The Birdcage are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gandhi
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Attenborough
3 I prefer Alan J. Pakula movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sophie's Choice

1 Braveheart, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Sherlock Holmes, The Hunger Games, The Matrix, Watchmen, and V for Vendetta are films I love. I'm looking for a No movie.	The Dark Knight
2 What else is that about?	dark, superhero, comic book, Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, story, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Batman, Heath Ledger, Christopher Nolan, Maggie Gyllenhaal, dc comics, editing, comics, Aaron Eckhart, imax, Joker, No
3 I like Seth Rogen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pineapple Express

1 I really liked Boyz n the Hood, The Karate Kid, Fail Safe, Heat, Coming Home, Dances with Wolves, and Little Miss Sunshine. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Gravity
2 Who does that star?	George Clooney, Sandra Bullock
3 I prefer Peter O'Toole movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Power Play

1 I loved Absolute Power, Ghost, The Parent Trap, The Bone Collector, The Great Muppet Caper, Titanic, and Quest for Camelot. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Andre
2 Who does that star?	Tina Majorino
3 I rate Patrick Warburton movies. Any other suggestions?	Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil

1 Back to the Future Part III, A Very Brady Sequel, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, The Parent Trap, A Bug's Life, Antz, and A Christmas Story are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Inspector Gadget
2 Who does that star?	Matthew Broderick, Rupert Everett, Michelle Trachtenberg, Joely Fisher
3 I rate Gary Oldman movies. Any other suggestions?	RoboCop

1 Ran, Easy Rider, Ben-Hur, The Natural, Raise the Red Lantern, Das Boot, and Leaving Las Vegas are films I really like. I'm looking for a Secrets movie.	The Falcon and the Snowman
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Timothy Hutton
3 I like David Gallagher movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Secrets

1 Titanic, Toy Story 2, Finding Nemo, Monsters, Inc., American Graffiti, Unforgiven, and Grave of the Fireflies are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I rate Jennifer Lopez movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wedding Planner

1 Taxi Driver, Lawrence of Arabia, Highlander, The Kentucky Fried Movie, Planet of the Apes, Unforgiven, and Shrek are films I really like. I'm looking for a Robert Shaw movie.	Robin and Marian
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Sean Connery, Audrey Hepburn, Robin Hood, Richard Harris, Richard Lester, Robert Shaw
3 I like Subway movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Heat, Outbreak, Braveheart, The Rock, and Apollo 13 are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I rate Vera Farmiga movies. Any other suggestions?	Higher Ground

1 Rushmore, Until the End of the World, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Das Boot, Arsenic and Old Lace, Raise the Red Lantern, and Election are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 Who does that star?	Eamonn Owens
3 I prefer Robin Wright movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breaking and Entering

1 I really liked The Little Mermaid, Divergent, It Happened One Night, Mulan, Tangled, The Bodyguard, and Guardians of the Galaxy. I'm looking for a Sylvester Stallone movie.	The Expendables 3
2 What else is that about?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Mel Gibson, Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Antonio Banderas
3 I prefer Talia Shire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rocky IV

1 I watched the films Strangers on a Train, Mad Max, Nineteen Eighty-Four, Double Indemnity, The Grifters, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and The Day the Earth Stood Still and loved them. I'm looking for a dystopia movie.	Alphaville
2 What else is that about?	dystopia
3 I rate food movies. Any other suggestions?	Soylent Green

1 I like Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Rob Roy, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, and Twister. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Cliffhanger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Sylvester Stallone, mountains, Renny Harlin, John Lithgow, harlin
3 I rate Olivia de Havilland movies. Any other suggestions?	Captain Blood

1 I really like Throw Momma from the Train, Boogie Nights, Remember the Titans, Very Bad Things, The Man with Two Brains, The Crying Game, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Drowning Mona
2 What else is that about?	Danny DeVito
3 I prefer Crispin Glover movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hot Tub Time Machine

1 Friends with Kids, Galaxy Quest, Rush Hour, Bruce Almighty, Sleepless in Seattle, A Christmas Carol, and Cheaper by the Dozen 2 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Can Do Bad All by Myself
2 Who is that directed by?	Tyler Perry
3 I rate Arthur Hiller movies. Any other suggestions?	Carpool

1 I like True Lies, Spider-Man, Batman Begins, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Toys, A Few Good Men, and Mary Poppins. I'm looking for a Jeffrey Wright movie.	Source Code
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, Jake Gyllenhaal, Vera Farmiga, Michelle Monaghan, Duncan Jones, Jeffrey Wright
3 I like Adrien Brody movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cadillac Records

1 Analyze This, The Wrong Trousers, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Firm, Sense and Sensibility, Beauty and the Beast, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Wild Wild West
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I rate Kenneth Branagh movies. Any other suggestions?	Henry V

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Shawshank Redemption, The Matrix, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Primer
2 Who does that star?	Shane Carruth
3 I like Kevin Wu movies more. Do you know anything else?	Revenge of the Green Dragons

1 Taxi Driver, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Godfather, Leaving Las Vegas, Schindler's List, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Goodfellas are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I rate David Lynch movies. Any other suggestions?	The Straight Story

1 Back to the Future Part II, Jaws, Groundhog Day, The Sixth Sense, Toy Story 2, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, and Real Genius are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Angels in the Outfield
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd
3 I prefer weather forecaster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	L.A. Story

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Lawrence of Arabia, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Chicken Run, The English Patient, and Big Night are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Spanish Prisoner
2 What else is that about?	Mystery, Steve Martin, David Mamet
3 I like David Fincher movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Game

1 From Russia with Love, The City of Lost Children, The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, The Godfather, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Shaun of the Dead are films I really like. I'm looking for a soundtrack movie.	Paprika
2 What else is that about?	r, soundtrack, Dreams, Satoshi Kon, susumu hirasawa
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Garden State

1 Disclosure, The Firm, The Fugitive, Dances with Wolves, Crimson Tide, Immortal Beloved, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jeffrey
2 Who does that star?	Steven Weber
3 I rate Hiroki Narimiya movies. Any other suggestions?	Ace Attorney

1 Moon, Step Brothers, The Matrix, Grandma's Boy, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Let the Right One In, and Fight Club are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Black Swan
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I like M. Night Shyamalan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Happening

1 Face/Off, Demolition Man, Back to the Future Part II, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Galaxy Quest, Moonraker, and Night of the Living Dead are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, future, Keanu Reeves, Dolph Lundgren, William Gibson, Ice-T
3 I like Steven Seagal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Against the Dark

1 Of Mice and Men, Aladdin, Harold and Maude, A Bronx Tale, A Close Shave, Miller's Crossing, and Big are films I loved. I'm looking for a John Waters movie.	Pecker
2 What else is that about?	John Waters, Edward Furlong
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Cry-Baby

1 Fight Club, Dead Man, Notorious, Eyes Without a Face, The Pillow Book, The Usual Suspects, and Forbidden Planet are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Twins movie.	Dead Ringers
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg
3 I prefer Dennie Gordon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	New York Minute

1 The Departed, Donnie Darko, The Godfather, Fight Club, Fargo, The Silence of the Lambs, and Goodfellas are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Hero movie.	The Incredibles
2 Who is that directed by?	Brad Bird
3 I like Howard Hawks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sergeant York

1 Spirited Away, Bambi, Goodfellas, Rashomon, The Adventures of Robin Hood, Casablanca, and Frankenstein are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	La Grande Illusion
2 What else is that about?	War, world war i, Jean Renoir, prisoners of war
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How I Won the War

1 I really like Traffic, Oldboy, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, American Beauty, While You Were Sleeping, Psycho, and Vanilla Sky. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	Felon
2 What else is that about?	Prison, Val Kilmer, Stephen Dorff
3 I rate Franklin J. Schaffner movies. Any other suggestions?	Papillon

1 I liked Cool Hand Luke, Run Lola Run, 10 Things I Hate About You, Drop Dead Gorgeous, American Beauty, Being John Malkovich, and Go. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Last Night
2 Who does that star?	Don McKellar
3 I prefer Jessica Alba movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An Invisible Sign

1 Seven Pounds, Ocean's Eleven, The King's Speech, Away We Go, Despicable Me, Argo, and Little Miss Sunshine are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Ewan McGregor movie.	The Men Who Stare at Goats
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, military, Kevin Spacey, George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Jeff Bridges
3 I rate Naomi Watts movies. Any other suggestions?	Stay

1 Cinderella, Apollo 13, Forbidden Planet, Jurassic Park, Duck Soup, Nosferatu, and The Wizard of Oz are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Angel on My Shoulder
2 What else is that about?	Archie Mayo
3 I prefer Bill Murray movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	City of Ember

1 Jaws, The Wrong Trousers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Napoleon Dynamite, A Mighty Wind, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, and Young Frankenstein are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Infernal Affairs
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Police, story, remade, hong kong, foreign language, Andy Lau, tony leung
3 I prefer Benicio Del Toro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Excess Baggage

1 About Schmidt, Grumpier Old Men, Arsenic and Old Lace, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Producers, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Casablanca are films I like. I'm looking for an Arthur Conan Doyle movie.	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
2 What else is that about?	Basil Rathbone, Arthur Conan Doyle
3 I rate Sherlock Holmes movies. Any other suggestions?	The Woman in Green

1 Disclosure, Tank Girl, Fargo, Waterworld, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Broken Arrow, and Dolores Claiborne are movies I like. I'm looking for an Alain Delon movie.	Purple Noon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Alain Delon, René Clément
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Purple Noon

1 I like Primal Fear, Almost Famous, Dead Man Walking, Saving Private Ryan, Glory, Raging Bull, and Carlito's Way. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Million Dollar Baby
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Morgan Freeman, sports, Clint Eastwood, boxing, Hilary Swank
3 I like Steven Spielberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Catch Me If You Can

1 The Sting, Magnolia, A Clockwork Orange, Traffic, Election, Office Space, and Saving Private Ryan are films I liked. I'm looking for a mistaken identity movie.	The Big Lebowski
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Coen, Ethan Coen
3 I rate Alfred Hitchcock movies. Any other suggestions?	North by Northwest

1 Mulholland Drive, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Jacob's Ladder, The Sweet Hereafter, Gandhi, ¡Three Amigos!, and Welcome to the Dollhouse are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Aliens movie.	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Nimród Antal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Predators

1 Braveheart, Goodfellas, Casablanca, Batman Begins, King Kong, Sideways, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Garden State
2 What else is that about?	Music, soundtrack, Natalie Portman, Zach Braff, new jersey, Peter Sarsgaard, Ian Holm, Home
3 I rate Delbert Mann movies. Any other suggestions?	Dear Heart

1 Soylent Green, RoboCop, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Starship Troopers, Highlander, The Matrix, and Face/Off are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jason's Lyric
2 Who does that star?	Jada Pinkett Smith, Allen Payne, Bokeem Woodbine
3 I prefer William Hurt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Yellow Handkerchief

1 Dances with Wolves, Willow, Batman Begins, Ghostbusters, Braveheart, A League of Their Own, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I liked. I'm looking for a satirical movie.	But I'm a Cheerleader
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Babbit
3 I rate Mel Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	Blazing Saddles

1 The French Connection, Platoon, Batman, The Untouchables, The Wedding Singer, Moonstruck, and Diamonds Are Forever are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Inside Moves
2 What else is that about?	Richard Donner
3 I like lesbian movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Women

1 Candyman, The Crow, Evolution, Not Another Teen Movie, Bordello of Blood, French Kiss, and Mr. Deeds are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Vanessa Redgrave movie.	Girl, Interrupted
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Angelina Jolie, Winona Ryder, Whoopi Goldberg, Brittany Murphy, 60s, James Mangold, Vanessa Redgrave, winona
3 I prefer Sam Shepard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pledge

1 A Nightmare on Elm Street, Lost in Translation, Night of the Living Dead, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Beauty and the Beast, Casablanca, and Alien are movies I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Lion in Winter
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, Peter O'Toole, Katharine Hepburn, John Castle
3 I like Nastassja Kinski movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tess

1 I loved Antonia's Line, Hoop Dreams, Toy Story, Sense and Sensibility, Searching for Bobby Fischer, A Grand Day Out, and 101 Dalmatians. I'm looking for a Tony Shalhoub movie.	Big Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Tucci, Campbell Scott
3 I prefer Dean Parisot movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Galaxy Quest

1 MASH, Goodfellas, Raging Bull, An Officer and a Gentleman, Back to the Future, Glory, and Die Hard are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Allison Anders movie.	Four Rooms
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell
3 I like Dean Lent movies more. Do you know anything else?	Border Radio

1 I love A Hard Day's Night, The Wizard of Oz, Little Shop of Horrors, Frankenstein, Blade, Evil Dead II, and The Birds. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	King Kong
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Monster, King Kong, Jessica Lange
3 I like Mark Twain movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn

1 Taxi Driver, The Usual Suspects, Soylent Green, Citizen Kane, The Thing, Touch of Evil, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate Greg Mottola movies. Any other suggestions?	The Daytrippers

1 Mallrats, Serpico, The Manchurian Candidate, Die Hard 2, The Lion King, SLC Punk!, and Equilibrium are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Uncommon Valor
2 What else is that about?	vietnam war, Gene Hackman
3 I prefer Donnie Yen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ip Man

1 Space Cowboys, Contact, Apollo 13, Armageddon, Star Trek, The Black Hole, and The Matrix are films I like. I'm looking for a space movie.	SpaceCamp
2 What else is that about?	space, Joaquin Phoenix
3 I prefer Gary Oldman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lost in Space

1 Big Night, Singin' in the Rain, Laura, The Thin Man, The Big Sleep, Spellbound, and Double Indemnity are films I liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	My Father's Glory
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, Yves Robert
3 I rate Jacques Audiard movies. Any other suggestions?	The Beat That My Heart Skipped

1 I like A Fish Called Wanda, Something Wicked This Way Comes, Rosemary's Baby, Cosi, Crash, Sixteen Candles, and Malice. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Dead of Winter
2 Who does that star?	Mary Steenburgen
3 I rate William Devane movies. Any other suggestions?	Family Plot

1 Breaking Away, Quiz Show, Goodfellas, Hoosiers, Malcolm X, The Right Stuff, and Life Is Beautiful are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Once Upon a Time in America
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, James Woods
3 I like Donal Logue movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tao of Steve

1 Pulp Fiction, Oldboy, Fight Club, Dark City, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Willem Dafoe movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, David Della Rocco
3 I like Bill Murray movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou

1 Tombstone, Braveheart, Rudy, Philadelphia, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Fugitive, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Piano
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, Holly Hunter, Anna Paquin
3 I prefer Kevin Bacon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Woodsman

1 Fargo, Taxi Driver, The Wizard of Oz, Apocalypse Now, Titanic, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Sting are films I really liked. I'm looking for a dalai lama movie.	Kundun
2 Who does that star?	Tenzin Thuthob Tsarong
3 I like Brad Pitt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Seven Years in Tibet

1 Everyone Says I Love You, The Third Man, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Take the Money and Run, Foreign Correspondent, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and The Idiots are movies I love. I'm looking for a Claude Lelouch movie.	A Man and a Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Claude Lelouch

1 I liked Patriot Games, The Shawshank Redemption, Apocalypse Now, The Passion of the Christ, Young Frankenstein, The Blues Brothers, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for an american civil war movie.	Gettysburg
2 Who is that directed by?	Ronald F. Maxwell
3 I prefer Francis D. Lyon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Locomotive Chase

1 American Beauty, When Harry Met Sally..., Shakespeare in Love, Big Fish, Good Will Hunting, and Cinema Paradiso are films I really liked. I'm looking for a new zealand movie.	Whale Rider
2 What else is that about?	Drama, new zealand, Maori
3 I like haunted house movies more. Do you know anything else?	Housebound

1 Chinatown, MASH, North by Northwest, Meet John Doe, The Killing Fields, The Conversation, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Nosferatu
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer Kathryn Bigelow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Near Dark

1 Independence Day, MASH, Cry Freedom, Spawn, Starman, Orgazmo, and Lethal Weapon 3 are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ready to Rumble
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Robbins
3 I prefer Mike Judge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Office Space

1 City of God, Office Space, Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story 3, Memento, and Reservoir Dogs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Billy Crystal movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Music, pixar, disney, story, children, characters, animated, Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, Monsters, 3, Billy Crystal, pixar animation, James Coburn, Pete Docter, Lee Unkrich, Jennifer Tilly, Andrew Stanton, David Silverman
3 I rate Debra Winger movies. Any other suggestions?	Forget Paris

1 Raging Bull, Rear Window, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Palm Beach Story, Cinderella, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, and The Hudsucker Proxy are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Ernst Lubitsch movie.	Trouble in Paradise
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Ernst Lubitsch, Miriam Hopkins
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trouble in Paradise

1 I watched the films Patton, Airplane!, Die Hard, Edward Scissorhands, All That Jazz, Raising Arizona, and Back to the Future and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	East Is East
2 Who does that star?	Om Puri, Linda Bassett
3 I prefer Ruth Chatterton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frisco Jenny

1 Keeping the Faith, The Breakfast Club, The Princess Bride, Ocean's Eleven, Mulan, Identity, and X-Men are films I loved. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	The Wedding Planner
2 Who does that star?	Matthew McConaughey, Jennifer Lopez
3 I prefer Gerard Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ugly Truth

1 I loved Sabrina, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Back to the Future, Romeo + Juliet, The Virgin Suicides, Shrek, and Ed Wood. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Ratatouille
2 Who does that star?	Ian Holm, Brian Dennehy, Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano
3 I prefer Andy Serkis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Tintin

1 I liked Clear and Present Danger, The Firm, Congo, Jurassic Park, Dave, and Outbreak. I'm looking for an Aliens movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I rate splatter movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Taste

1 I loved The Bridge on the River Kwai, Singin' in the Rain, The Remains of the Day, Back to the Future Part II, Picnic at Hanging Rock, Harold and Maude, and West Side Story. I'm looking for a J. Lee Thompson movie.	Conquest of the Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	J. Lee Thompson
3 I prefer Old movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cape Fear

1 X-Men, In the Line of Fire, and Shrek are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fifth Element
2 Who is that directed by?	Luc Besson
3 I like Guillermo del Toro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hellboy

1 I loved Around the World in Eighty Days, The Sting, Fargo, American History X, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. I'm looking for a Joe Mantegna movie.	House of Games
2 Who does that star?	Joe Mantegna, Lindsay Crouse
3 I like Max Pomeranc movies more. Do you know anything else?	Searching for Bobby Fischer

1 Crimson Tide, The Net, Speed, Ghost, Fargo, Philadelphia, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Assassins
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Richard Donner
3 I like Chuck Norris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lone Wolf McQuade

1 Stuart Little, Pulp Fiction, A Beautiful Mind, The Iron Giant, Enemy at the Gates, Ice Age, and American History X are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Carlito's Way
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Viggo Mortensen, Brian De Palma
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bonnie and Clyde

1 The Red Violin, Chungking Express, Hoosiers, American Beauty, American History X, L.A. Confidential, and True Romance are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	My Own Private Idaho
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I rate Fred Schepisi movies. Any other suggestions?	Words and Pictures

1 Deep Impact, Tombstone, Pretty Woman, Magnum Force, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Highlander are films I like. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	The Dead Zone
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Walken, Tom Skerritt, Herbert Lom, Brooke Adams
3 I prefer Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Running Man

1 Aliens, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Westworld, Blade Runner, Raising Arizona, Pale Rider, and From Here to Eternity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a philip marlowe movie.	The Big Sleep
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Hawks
3 I like Dick Richards movies more. Do you know anything else?	Farewell, My Lovely

1 I loved A Close Shave, Goodfellas, The Cell, American Beauty, Central Station, Hoop Dreams, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Buena Vista Social Club
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I rate Fernando Trueba movies. Any other suggestions?	Calle 54

1 The Lion King, Forrest Gump, Species, Babe, Legends of the Fall, The Firm, and Dances with Wolves are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Joe Johnston movie.	Jumanji
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Robin Williams, children, Kirsten Dunst, Joe Johnston, game, Chris Van Allsburg
3 I prefer True Story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	October Sky

1 Basic Instinct, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Gladiator, A Few Good Men, The Perfect Storm, There's Something About Mary, and Dracula are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	End of Days
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Kevin Pollak, Robin Tunney
3 I prefer Keith David movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Agent Cody Banks

1 I loved Braveheart, Cape Fear, While You Were Sleeping, Gone with the Wind, The Maltese Falcon, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Spy Hard. I'm looking for a Mickey Rooney movie.	Pete's Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, Music, disney, Musical, Dragon, Mickey Rooney
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	National Velvet

1 Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, The Piano, Forrest Gump, Heat, Trainspotting, and While You Were Sleeping are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Tom Sizemore, Juliette Lewis
3 I prefer Mira Sorvino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Replacement Killers

1 American Beauty, Ghost in the Shell, The Conversation, The Matrix, Blade Runner, L.A. Confidential, and Chicken Run are movies I like. I'm looking for a Neil LaBute movie.	Nurse Betty
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Greg Kinnear, Chris Rock, Neil LaBute
3 I like Samuel L. Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lakeview Terrace

1 Platoon, Swingers, Fargo, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Incredibles, The Truman Show, and Babe are movies I love. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	High Plains Drifter
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Jeff Daniels movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blood Work

1 Dangerous Liaisons, Vertigo, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Toy Story 2, Dogville, and The Thin Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mohsen Makhmalbaf movie.	A Moment of Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Mohsen Makhmalbaf

1 The Birds, Toy Story, An American Tail, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Chicken Run, and The Thin Red Line are films I really liked. I'm looking for a gizmo movie.	Gremlins
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Steven Spielberg, christmas, Monsters, Joe Dante, gizmo

1 Aladdin, The Green Mile, The African Queen, Cold Comfort Farm, The Sting, Sling Blade, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	Fatal Attraction
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Glenn Close
3 I like Michael Crichton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disclosure

1 A Clockwork Orange, Brazil, Blade Runner, Braveheart, Goodfellas, A Bug's Life, and Punch-Drunk Love are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Unstrung Heroes
2 Who is that directed by?	Diane Keaton
3 I like Cody Cameron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2

1 The Sixth Sense, The Silence of the Lambs, American Beauty, Frequency, Ghostbusters, Bride of Chucky, and Kids are movies I really like. I'm looking for an island movie.	The Beach
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny Boyle
3 I like Peter Billingsley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Couples Retreat

1 I love Secretary, The City of Lost Children, Magnolia, Punch-Drunk Love, The Princess and the Warrior, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Beautiful Thing. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Fame
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I prefer Jonathan Demme movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Truth About Charlie

1 I really like MASH, Schindler's List, Full Metal Jacket, The Wizard of Oz, The Longest Day, Citizen Kane, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Airplane!
2 Who is that directed by?	David Zucker, Jerry Zucker, Jim Abrahams
3 I like Michael McCullers movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Mama

1 The Wizard of Oz, Smiles of a Summer Night, The Maltese Falcon, South Pacific, Emma, The Thin Man, and 12 Angry Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Richard Brooks movie.	Sweet Bird of Youth
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Brooks

1 I love The Lion King, The Little Princess, The Devil's Own, Dirty Dancing, Cinderella, Alien, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. I'm looking for a china movie.	Mulan
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Musical, animated, china, Eddie Murphy, Chinese, disney renaissance, ok, Walt Disney
3 I prefer Blood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Warlords

1 I like Forrest Gump, Jeffrey, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Priest, Hackers, The Man Without a Face, and Aladdin. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Virtuosity
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington, Kelly Lynch, Stephen Spinella
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Killing Season

1 I like Stand by Me, My Left Foot, The Graduate, Cinema Paradiso, Heathers, The English Patient, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a War movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner
3 I prefer Richard Barthelmess movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heroes for Sale

1 Equilibrium, Peter Pan, Mallrats, From Hell, Legends of the Fall, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Mask are movies I like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Twelve O'Clock High
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Hugh Marlowe, Gary Merrill, Millard Mitchell
3 I prefer Keenan Wynn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Deep Six

1 Animal House, Airplane!, Chasing Amy, My Best Friend's Wedding, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Clueless, and The Breakfast Club are films I love. I'm looking for a Matt Dillon movie.	Singles
2 What else is that about?	Matt Dillon, Cameron Crowe, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I prefer brat pack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Outsiders

1 I really like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Memento, Ghostbusters, The Big Lebowski, Reservoir Dogs, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Goodfellas. I'm looking for a War movie.	Casablanca
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, War, nazis, Love, africa, hollywood, Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Michael Curtiz, best picture, stage, nazi, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, bogart, Play, Paul Henreid
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	Crimson Tide

1 I really like Cast Away, Goldfinger, Edward Scissorhands, Erin Brockovich, Toy Story 2, The Sixth Sense, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Outsiders
2 Who does that star?	Matt Dillon, Patrick Swayze, Ralph Macchio, C. Thomas Howell
3 I rate Nikohl Boosheri movies. Any other suggestions?	Circumstance

1 The Maltese Falcon, Out of the Past, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Annie Hall, The Thin Blue Line, Casablanca, and The Godfather are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Grand Hotel
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Greta Garbo, Edmund Goulding
3 I like Fritz Lang movies more. Do you know anything else?	M

1 I watched the films Being John Malkovich, Fail Safe, The Pink Panther, Gone with the Wind, M, Black Orpheus, and Limbo and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Robert Louis Stevenson, Rouben Mamoulian, Fredric March
3 I rate Brothers movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lost Boys

1 Never Been Kissed, Spirited Away, Bowling for Columbine, To Kill a Mockingbird, Bridget Jones's Diary, It's a Wonderful Life, and The Parent Trap are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Return to Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Bonnie Hunt
3 I rate David Greenwalt movies. Any other suggestions?	Secret Admirer

1 The French Connection, Full Metal Jacket, Gattaca, Balto, Babe, Seven Samurai, and Almost Famous are movies I loved. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	The Rescuers Down Under
2 What else is that about?	disney, disney animated feature, John Candy, Bob Newhart, Eva Gabor
3 I rate Howard Deutch movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Outdoors

1 Psycho, City of God, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Forrest Gump, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Donnie Darko are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism
3 I prefer James Belushi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	K-9

1 The Mighty Ducks, Dave, The Notebook, Shrek 2, D.E.B.S., Minority Report, and Somewhere in Time are films I really like. I'm looking for an Emily Mortimer movie.	Chaos Theory
2 What else is that about?	Ryan Reynolds, Emily Mortimer, Stuart Townsend
3 I prefer luck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Match Point

1 I loved A Clockwork Orange, Aliens, The Fifth Element, and Delicatessen. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Terminator
2 What else is that about?	Action, future, assassin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Linda Hamilton, Michael Biehn
3 I prefer Doug Liman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bourne Identity

1 I watched the films Schindler's List, The Sixth Sense, 12 Angry Men, Crash, The Shawshank Redemption, Rear Window, and The Green Mile and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Color Purple
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, spielberg, women, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dil Chahta Hai

1 Blazing Saddles, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, In Bruges, American Beauty, Million Dollar Baby, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a love triangle movie.	20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
2 What else is that about?	love triangle, Jules Verne
3 I like spy movies more. Do you know anything else?	This Means War

1 Twister, The Mist, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, An American Crime, King Kong, Saving Private Ryan, and Million Dollar Baby are films I really like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Mac and Me
2 Who does that star?	Christine Ebersole, Jonathan Ward, Lauren Stanley
3 I like Matt Damon movies more. Do you know anything else?	We Bought a Zoo

1 Traffic, All About My Mother, The Silence of the Lambs, State and Main, A Man and a Woman, Cry, the Beloved Country, and Three Kings are movies I like. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	The Flower of My Secret
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar

1 I loved You Can Count on Me, The Terminator, His Girl Friday, Boogie Nights, Toy Story 2, Traffic, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Greg Mottola movie.	The Daytrippers
2 What else is that about?	Greg Mottola
3 I rate Bill Hader movies. Any other suggestions?	Adventureland

1 Everyone Says I Love You, The People vs. Larry Flynt, Boys, Absolute Power, Trees Lounge, Sling Blade, and Microcosmos are films I really liked. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	Santa with Muscles
2 What else is that about?	christmas
3 I rate Mark Sandrich movies. Any other suggestions?	Holiday Inn

1 The Santa Clause, The Green Mile, Planet of the Apes, Wanderlust, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Movie 43, and The Blues Brothers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cannonball Run II
2 Who does that star?	Burt Reynolds, Frank Sinatra
3 I prefer Charlotte Rampling movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stardust Memories

1 I liked GoldenEye, Grease, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, Aliens, Escape from New York, Jaws, and Lethal Weapon 2. I'm looking for a Fighting movie.	Mortal Kombat
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Fighting, Christopher Lambert
3 I prefer franchise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Terminator Salvation

1 Pi, Gladiator, The Silence of the Lambs, Dead Poets Society, The Royal Tenenbaums, Top Gun, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really like. I'm looking for a Bill Murray movie.	What About Bob?
2 What else is that about?	Bill Murray, psychiatrist, vacation, Richard Dreyfuss, Frank Oz
3 I like Robert Duvall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Low

1 I loved Rain Man, Manhattan, Braveheart, The Experiment, A.I. Artificial Intelligence, District 9, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	All That Jazz
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Fosse
3 I like Mel Brooks movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Producers

1 Toy Story 3, American Beauty, Fight Club, The Green Mile, The Cider House Rules, V for Vendetta, and Hotel Rwanda are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Knocked Up
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I like Peter Glanz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Longest Week

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Dances with Wolves, The Sixth Sense, Reservoir Dogs, North by Northwest, Stand by Me, and Fargo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Jean de Florette
2 What else is that about?	French, Gérard Depardieu, Claude Berri
3 I prefer dark comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Taxidermia

1 I watched the films The Mask of Zorro, 10 Things I Hate About You, Chicago, Elf, Sixteen Candles, Ocean's Eleven, and Edward Scissorhands and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Under the Tuscan Sun
2 Who does that star?	Diane Lane
3 I prefer Jim Caviezel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passion of the Christ

1 I liked Life Is Beautiful, Hoosiers, Glory, Braveheart, The Breakfast Club, A Fish Called Wanda, and As Good as It Gets. I'm looking for a national lampoon movie.	National Lampoon's Vacation
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I like Kelly Makin movies more. Do you know anything else?	National Lampoon's Senior Trip

1 Peter Pan, Chicken Run, Deliverance, Forbidden Planet, Election, There's Something About Mary, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are films I like. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Cashback
2 Who is that directed by?	Sean Ellis
3 I like Richard Condie movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big Snit

1 Saw, Scary Movie, Trainspotting, Menace II Society, Unforgiven, Apocalypse Now, and Rain Man are films I love. I'm looking for a Lindsay Lohan movie.	Machete
2 What else is that about?	Action, Robert De Niro, Robert Rodriguez, Jessica Alba, Steven Seagal, Lindsay Lohan, Danny Trejo, exploitation, Michelle Rodriguez, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I rate Dennis Quaid movies. Any other suggestions?	The Parent Trap

1 The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Big Sleep, Foreign Correspondent, To Have and Have Not, Harvey, Dial M for Murder, and North by Northwest are films I liked. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	Saboteur
2 What else is that about?	Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, Sabotage
3 I like classic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rear Window

1 Magnolia, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, Contact, Amélie, and District 9 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jude Law movie.	Enemy at the Gates
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, Joseph Fiennes
3 I prefer Sadie Frost movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shopping

1 Pan's Labyrinth, Citizen Kane, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Grave of the Fireflies, Donnie Darko, The Departed, and V for Vendetta are films I love. I'm looking for a political movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 Who is that directed by?	John Frankenheimer
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Changeling

1 Gattaca, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Superman, Young Frankenstein, All About Eve, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs are films I liked. I'm looking for a puppets movie.	Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, Adventure, Music, Musical, Jennifer Connelly, David Bowie, puppets, Jim Henson, Maze, quest
3 I prefer black comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meet the Feebles

1 Shakespeare in Love, West Side Story, The Little Mermaid, The Matrix, High Fidelity, The Red Violin, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Tom Hanks, romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, seattle, Nora Ephron, empire state building
3 I rate Jared Hess movies. Any other suggestions?	Napoleon Dynamite

1 Amistad, The Mirror Has Two Faces, Beauty and the Beast, Dances with Wolves, The Truman Show, A Time to Kill, and Mulan are films I loved. I'm looking for a Tom Skerritt movie.	The Other Sister
2 What else is that about?	Juliette Lewis, Diane Keaton, Giovanni Ribisi, Tom Skerritt
3 I rate Val Kilmer movies. Any other suggestions?	Top Gun

1 True Lies, Schindler's List, Tombstone, Dances with Wolves, Mary Poppins, In the Name of the Father, and Casino are films I really like. I'm looking for a Tony Scott movie.	True Romance
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette
3 I rate Dakota Fanning movies. Any other suggestions?	Man on Fire

1 I love True Romance, Seven Samurai, The Wild Bunch, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Fargo, Annie Hall, and The Graduate. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I rate Harley Cokeliss movies. Any other suggestions?	Dream Demon

1 American Psycho, Rocky III, Batman Begins, Rocky IV, The Truman Show, Edward Scissorhands, and Fight Club are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I prefer James Mather movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lockout

1 City Lights, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Some Like It Hot, Ikiru, Annie Hall, and Bringing Up Baby are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a west virginia movie.	The Night of the Hunter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, serial killer, national film registry, Charles Laughton, Robert Mitchum, Shelley Winters, west virginia
3 I rate Richard Gere movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mothman Prophecies

1 I watched the films Pulp Fiction, Mad Max, The Usual Suspects, Dead Poets Society, The Incredibles, and Braveheart and loved them. I'm looking for a book movie.	Goodfellas
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Joe Pesci, Ray Liotta
3 I rate David Thewlis movies. Any other suggestions?	Seven Years in Tibet

1 I like True Romance, Wall Street, The 39 Steps, The Rainmaker, Dead Calm, Analyze This, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.	The 6th Day
2 What else is that about?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Roger Spottiswoode
3 I prefer Predator movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Predator

1 Children of Paradise, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Sense and Sensibility, Rear Window, Free Enterprise, The Truman Show, and Peggy Sue Got Married are films I loved. I'm looking for a Michelle Pfeiffer movie.	Married to the Mob
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I rate Matthew Vaughn movies. Any other suggestions?	Stardust

1 A Nightmare on Elm Street, Heartbreak Ridge, The Fugitive, Cast Away, One Crazy Summer, The Lord of the Rings, and Back to the Future Part II are films I really liked. I'm looking for a David Spade movie.	Joe Dirt
2 What else is that about?	David Spade
3 I like John Goodman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kronk's New Groove

1 Total Recall, Lethal Weapon, A Grand Day Out, Dangerous Liaisons, Boogie Nights, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, and The Wrong Trousers are films I like. I'm looking for a supermarket movie.	Oh, God!
2 Who does that star?	Teri Garr, George Burns, John Denver
3 I like Marcia Gay Harden movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mist

1 Die Hard, The Hudsucker Proxy, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Pinocchio, Courage Under Fire, The Fugitive, and The Sound of Music are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Aaron Sorkin movie.	Malice
2 What else is that about?	Aaron Sorkin
3 I prefer murder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Few Good Men

1 I love The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, Braveheart, Blade Runner, The Abyss, Clear and Present Danger, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Jules Verne movie.	20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
2 What else is that about?	love triangle, Jules Verne
3 I like Adventure movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mysterious Island

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Kevin Bacon movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I like Marcia Gay Harden movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystic River

1 The Hunt for Red October, Grease, Some Like It Hot, Highlander, Young Frankenstein, Saving Private Ryan, and Three Kings are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Purple Rose of Cairo
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Woody Allen
3 I like Ben Sharpsteen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pinocchio

1 Miracle on 34th Street, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Risky Business, Life Is Beautiful, Good Morning, Vietnam, The Godfather, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Red Dawn
2 Who does that star?	Chris Hemsworth, Josh Hutcherson, Adrianne Palicki, Josh Peck
3 I prefer George W. Bush movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fahrenheit 9/11

1 Sleeper, The Great Escape, Fargo, Strangers on a Train, Chinatown, Full Metal Jacket, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are films I like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, fairy tale, national film registry, animated, fairy-tale
3 I prefer country music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Walk the Line

1 Forces of Nature, Cruel Intentions, and The Story of Us are films I really like. I'm looking for a Charles Dickens movie.	Great Expectations
2 What else is that about?	Charles Dickens
3 I like biographical movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Invisible Woman

1 Space Jam, The Adventures of Huck Finn, Anatomy of Hell, Antichrist, Animal Farm, The Fly, and About Schmidt are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Anguish
2 Who does that star?	Michael Lerner, Zelda Rubinstein, Talia Paul
3 I prefer Evan Helmuth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Inside

1 I watched the films Goodfellas, The Notebook, K-PAX, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Moonrise Kingdom, Minority Report, and L.A. Confidential and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Evil
2 What else is that about?	violence, 1950s, boarding school, Swedish, foreign language, autobiographical, Mikael Håfström
3 I prefer Dustin Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Last Chance Harvey

1 The Sound of Music, The Official Story, The Matrix, The Game, Basic Instinct, Beauty and the Beast, and Men in Black are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Falling Down
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Michael Douglas
3 I prefer Daniel Giménez Cacho movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Deep Crimson

1 I watched the films Divergent, Slumdog Millionaire, I Am Legend, Platoon, Iron Man 2, Limitless, and The Help and loved them. I'm looking for a future movie.	Edge of Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, future, Tom Cruise, time loop, Emily Blunt, Doug Liman
3 I like Western movies more. Do you know anything else?	Back to the Future Part III

1 Moon, Fight Club, Raiders of the Lost Ark, District 9, The Social Network, V for Vendetta, and Gladiator are films I really like. I'm looking for a holy grail movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, spielberg, india, indiana jones, River Phoenix, Lucas, holy grail, indiana, Denholm Elliott
3 I like british comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Monty Python and the Holy Grail

1 Desperado, Braveheart, Clear and Present Danger, True Lies, and GoldenEye are films I love. I'm looking for an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.	Last Action Hero
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Charles Dance
3 I prefer Rae Dawn Chong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Commando

1 The English Patient, Lone Star, Fargo, Toy Story, Trees Lounge, and A Close Shave are movies I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Sweet Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Gary Winick

1 Memento, A Christmas Story, Hackers, The NeverEnding Story, Dancer in the Dark, Big, and Batman are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Better Luck Tomorrow
2 Who does that star?	Parry Shen, Jason Tobin
3 I like Demi Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Half Light

1 The Piano and Schindler's List are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I prefer Pedro Almodóvar movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High Heels

1 Casino, The Sound of Music, Sleeper, Casablanca, My Life as a Dog, The Godfather, and It Happened One Night are movies I liked. I'm looking for a scorsese movie.	Raging Bull
2 What else is that about?	sports, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, boxing, photography, Jealousy, Joe Pesci, scorsese, Cathy Moriarty, de niro
3 I like Rob Reiner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wolf of Wall Street

1 I watched the films Breakfast at Tiffany's, Election, Emma, Lone Star, The Philadelphia Story, Boys Don't Cry, and Sense and Sensibility and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Desperately Seeking Susan
2 What else is that about?	Madonna
3 I rate british movies. Any other suggestions?	Another Year

1 I really liked Planet of the Apes, The Princess Bride, American Beauty, Tank Girl, Army of Darkness, The Terminator, and Escape from New York. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Return of the Living Dead
2 What else is that about?	zombies, zombie
3 I prefer Stephen Hopkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Reaping

1 Taxi Driver, Hoop Dreams, Dances with Wolves, Nobody's Fool, Vanya on 42nd Street, Miracle on 34th Street, and Tombstone are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dolores Claiborne
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Stephen King, Kathy Bates, Taylor Hackford
3 I prefer Rachel Weisz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Constant Gardener

1 True Lies, The Shawshank Redemption, Once Were Warriors, Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction, Toy Story, and A Close Shave are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clerks
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, Kevin Smith, theater, view askew, jay and silent bob, 4
3 I rate Twins movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Business

1 Harold and Maude, The Sound of Music, Schindler's List, A Close Shave, Gandhi, Dances with Wolves, and Casablanca are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beverly Hills Cop
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I like Salim Akil movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jumping the Broom

1 Beautiful Girls, A Christmas Story, Shrek, The Cutting Edge, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Auntie Mame, and The Spanish Prisoner are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mary Tyler Moore movie.	Ordinary People
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Redford

1 My Fair Lady, Revenge of the Nerds, An Affair to Remember, Much Ado About Nothing, Pretty in Pink, Speed, and Stripes are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Auntie Mame
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, New York
3 I prefer Brian Robbins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Thousand Words

1 Good Will Hunting, Contact, Titanic, Saving Private Ryan, L.A. Confidential, Apollo 13, and The Fifth Element are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Michael Mayer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Out in the Dark

1 Aliens, The Matrix, Fight Club, Memento, Casino, and Predator are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Conan the Barbarian
2 What else is that about?	Action, Fantasy, Adventure, r, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, Oliver Stone, cult, Pulp, sword and sorcery, swords, James Earl Jones, John Milius
3 I rate disney renaissance movies. Any other suggestions?	Aladdin

1 Die Hard 2, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Deep Impact, L.A. Confidential, Starship Troopers, The Crow, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Marathon Man
2 Who is that directed by?	John Schlesinger
3 I prefer Sidney Gilliat movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Green for Danger

1 The Untouchables, Superbad, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, The Breakfast Club, American History X, Amélie, and United 93 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Michael Mann movie.	Collateral
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Dark Knight, Cinema Paradiso, The Usual Suspects, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, La Dolce Vita, and The Princess Bride are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Insider
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Mann
3 I prefer George Gallo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Middle Men

1 Stargate, Back to the Future, The Illusionist, The Prestige, Ghostbusters, The Invention of Lying, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I loved. I'm looking for a Harold Lloyd movie.	Grandma's Boy
2 What else is that about?	Harold Lloyd
3 I prefer Sam Taylor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Girl Shy

1 Vertigo, Rain Man, Old Yeller, Gladiator, The Sixth Sense, The Mask, and When Harry Met Sally... are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Arachnophobia
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Marshall
3 I like Erik Blomberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	The White Reindeer

1 I watched the films Disclosure, Speed, Phenomenon, Dirty Dancing, Tombstone, The Sound of Music, and Murder in the First and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Love Affair
2 Who is that directed by?	Glenn Gordon Caron
3 I rate Bill L. Norton movies. Any other suggestions?	More American Graffiti

1 I watched the films Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Phenomenon, The Wizard of Oz, Blade Runner, The African Queen, Lawrence of Arabia, and Beyond Rangoon and loved them. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Othello
2 Who does that star?	Maggie Smith, Laurence Olivier, Frank Finlay, Joyce Redman

1 Blazing Saddles, A Fish Called Wanda, The Silence of the Lambs, Bullitt, American Beauty, A Clockwork Orange, and Love and Death are movies I like. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Top Secret!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, Val Kilmer, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker
3 I prefer Michelle Monaghan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang

1 Reservoir Dogs, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Big Lebowski, The Last Supper, Carnal Knowledge, Airplane!, and Bananas are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stripes
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, John Candy, Harold Ramis, Ivan Reitman
3 I like agent movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jerry Maguire

1 Collateral, JFK, Little Miss Sunshine, Back to the Future, Goodfellas, Lawrence of Arabia, and The Dark Knight are movies I like. I'm looking for an Old movie.	The Defiant Ones
2 What else is that about?	Old, Sidney Poitier, Tony Curtis, Stanley Kramer
3 I prefer film noir movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Narrow Margin

1 I loved The Evil Dead, And Then There Were None, Batman Returns, Batman Forever, 21 Grams, Grand Hotel, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Red River
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne, Montgomery Clift, Walter Brennan, Joanne Dru
3 I prefer John Call movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Santa Claus Conquers the Martians

1 I watched the films Once Upon a Time in America, Good Will Hunting, Schindler's List, La Femme Nikita, The French Connection, Chinatown, and Annie Hall and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I prefer Chi Muoi Lo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Catfish in Black Bean Sauce

1 I like A Bronx Tale, The Man Without a Face, Father of the Bride Part II, Die Hard, How to Make an American Quilt, The Spitfire Grill, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roommates
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, Peter Falk, D.B. Sweeney
3 I prefer Gérard Depardieu movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cyrano de Bergerac

1 Elizabeth, The Secret of Roan Inish, American History X, A Grand Day Out, Fight Club, Reservoir Dogs, and Braveheart are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	White Squall
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott
3 I like science movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moon

1 Delicatessen, Raise the Red Lantern, Blade Runner, Smoke, Double Indemnity, The 39 Steps, and Gaslight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Klute
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Donald Sutherland, Jane Fonda, Alan J. Pakula
3 I like psychological movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Killing Room

1 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Meet Joe Black, Romeo + Juliet, The Thin Red Line, Father of the Bride Part II, Aladdin, and An American Tail are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Soul Food
2 What else is that about?	Mekhi Phifer
3 I prefer Don Cheadle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Out of Sight

1 Raging Bull, The Graduate, The African Queen, Ben-Hur, The Hunt for Red October, Braveheart, and The French Connection are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I prefer Mark Robson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Peyton Place

1 Back to the Future, Sliding Doors, There's Something About Mary, Speed, Mr. Holland's Opus, While You Were Sleeping, and The Sixth Sense are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Die Hard
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I prefer David O'Malley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Easy Wheels

1 Carlito's Way, How to Train Your Dragon, Enemy of the State, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Clash of the Titans, Aladdin, and Ocean's Eleven are films I really like. I'm looking for a Nick Cassavetes movie.	John Q
2 What else is that about?	Denzel Washington, hospital, Robert Duvall, Anne Heche, Nick Cassavetes
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alpha Dog

1 Glengarry Glen Ross, Groundhog Day, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Fargo, The Fugitive, Pulp Fiction, and Goodfellas are films I liked. I'm looking for a John Sayles movie.	The Brother from Another Planet
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles

1 Apollo 13, The Net, Babe, The Usual Suspects, True Lies, Pulp Fiction, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a serious movie.	Batman
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Michael Keaton, Kim Basinger, Robert Wuhl

1 Get Shorty, Zero Effect, Broadcast News, The Sixth Sense, L.A. Confidential, The Killing Fields, and The Crying Game are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Francis Ford Coppola movie.	Peggy Sue Got Married
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Francis Ford Coppola
3 I like Al Pacino movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Godfather

1 Requiem for a Dream, Serenity, Life as a House, Crash, My Cousin Vinny, X-Men, and As Good as It Gets are films I really liked. I'm looking for an obesity movie.	Super Size Me
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, own, food, lies, obesity, Morgan Spurlock, Fast Food, health

1 The Wizard of Oz, The Dark Knight, The Hunt for Red October, Up, The Sting, Old Yeller, and Braveheart are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I like John Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rio Grande

1 Being John Malkovich and Fight Club are movies I liked. I'm looking for a mind movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 What else is that about?	nonlinear, r, Jim Carrey, original, Love, Memory, romantic, Kirsten Dunst, Charlie Kaufman, Kate Winslet, strange, Elijah Wood, Mark Ruffalo, Michel Gondry, non-linear, David Cross, Tom Wilkinson, mind

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, American Beauty, Saturday Night Fever, Clerks, As Good as It Gets, Wag the Dog, and The Avengers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Peter Boyle movie.	Young Frankenstein
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Peter Boyle, Madeline Kahn, Marty Feldman
3 I like Michael Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dream Team

1 Sleepy Hollow, Shrek, Akira, UHF, The Iron Giant, Dawn of the Dead, and Tremors are films I really like. I'm looking for an Emily Perkins movie.	Ginger Snaps
2 Who does that star?	Katharine Isabelle, Emily Perkins

1 My Cousin Vinny, Romancing the Stone, Back to School, Heathers, The Wedding Singer, When Harry Met Sally..., and The Saint are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	¡Three Amigos!
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Martin Short
3 I prefer Reese Witherspoon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Legally Blonde

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Saving Private Ryan, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Apollo 13, The Incredibles, Jurassic Park, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, animated, series, Hank Azaria, simpsons, David Silverman
3 I like Adam West movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet the Robinsons

1 I watched the films Touch of Evil, Grease, Spaceballs, Chinatown, 8½, Time of the Gypsies, and Goldfinger and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Heathers
2 Who does that star?	Winona Ryder, Christian Slater
3 I rate Sam Rockwell movies. Any other suggestions?	Matchstick Men

1 Inception, The Game, Drive, The Butterfly Effect, Minority Report, Jurassic Park, and Vanilla Sky are movies I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Fracture
2 What else is that about?	murder, r, Anthony Hopkins, Ryan Gosling, Gregory Hoblit
3 I prefer stylized movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Army of Darkness

1 While You Were Sleeping, Dangerous Minds, Clueless, Apollo 13, Babe, French Kiss, and Outbreak are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Love, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meg Ryan
3 I prefer Noah Baumbach movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Frances Ha

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Aladdin, Toy Story, The Lion King, Powder, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Pinocchio are films I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	Disclosure
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Michael Crichton, Demi Moore, sexual harassment
3 I like Martin Sheen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The American President

1 Once Upon a Time in the West, An American in Paris, Strangers on a Train, All About Eve, Casablanca, Cyrano de Bergerac, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, remade, Divorce, James Stewart, Cary Grant, George Cukor, Katharine Hepburn
3 I like Road Trip movies more. Do you know anything else?	College Road Trip

1 I really liked The Goonies, Fried Green Tomatoes, Sleeping Beauty, The Secret Garden, Kundun, The Breakfast Club, and Willow. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Liberty Heights
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson
3 I rate india movies. Any other suggestions?	3 Idiots

1 Leaving Las Vegas, Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Forrest Gump are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Hudsucker Proxy
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen
3 I prefer Blake Edwards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sunset

1 I love The Bourne Identity, Slumdog Millionaire, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, The Bourne Supremacy, The Hangover, and The Bourne Ultimatum. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ali G Indahouse
2 What else is that about?	Sacha Baron Cohen
3 I rate Monster movies. Any other suggestions?	Creature from the Haunted Sea

1 The Sound of Music, Clear and Present Danger, The War of the Roses, American Beauty, 25th Hour, Rebel Without a Cause, and Midnight Run are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waiting to Exhale
2 Who is that directed by?	Forest Whitaker
3 I rate Nadav Lapid movies. Any other suggestions?	Policeman

1 Duck Soup, The Big Sleep, Casablanca, Blade Runner, The Maltese Falcon, Howl's Moving Castle, and Citizen Kane are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chinatown
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway
3 I like Edward Furlong movies more. Do you know anything else?	Animal Factory

1 I really like Crimson Tide, The English Patient, Maverick, The Matrix, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Die Hard, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for a nicholson movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt, James L. Brooks, nicholson
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shining

1 Crash, The Lion King, Life Is Beautiful, Die Hard, Titanic, Much Ado About Nothing, and Dead Poets Society are films I like. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Good Morning, Vietnam
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, Robin Williams, vietnam war, vietnam, Radio, Barry Levinson, radio dj
3 I rate Dustin Hoffman movies. Any other suggestions?	Rain Man

1 Fargo, The Fugitive, Pulp Fiction, The Wrong Trousers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	A Close Shave
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I like Ash Brannon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Toy Story 2

1 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, American Gangster, Kingdom of Heaven, Gladiator, American History X, Meet the Fockers, and Son in Law are movies I love. I'm looking for a psychiatrist movie.	Analyze That
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Billy Crystal
3 I rate Mary McCormack movies. Any other suggestions?	K-PAX

1 Monster's Ball, Erin Brockovich, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Enemy at the Gates, Frequency, Run Lola Run, and Delicatessen are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Instinct
2 Who does that star?	Anthony Hopkins, Donald Sutherland, Maura Tierney
3 I like Jake Gyllenhaal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Proof

1 Double Indemnity, Goldfinger, Pulp Fiction, Funny Face, Autumn Tale, Vertigo, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Washington Square
2 What else is that about?	Henry James
3 I rate Kenji Misumi movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tale of Zatoichi

1 I watched the films Almost Famous, Maria Full of Grace, Mulholland Drive, North by Northwest, Far from Heaven, State and Main, and 25th Hour and loved them. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	A Royal Affair
2 Who is that directed by?	Nikolaj Arcel
3 I prefer Alexis Lloyd movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	30 Beats

1 Pulp Fiction, Once Were Warriors, The Apostle, Grosse Pointe Blank, When the Cat's Away, Muriel's Wedding, and Pi are movies I love. I'm looking for a prague movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 What else is that about?	4, Philip Kaufman, prague, Milan Kundera
3 I rate president movies. Any other suggestions?	Chasing Liberty

1 North by Northwest, The Untouchables, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Paths of Glory, The Dirty Dozen, The Maltese Falcon, and Raging Bull are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 Who does that star?	Joseph Cotten, Teresa Wright
3 I like Ruby Dee movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Raisin in the Sun

1 The Shining, Forrest Gump, Inception, Shutter Island, The Shawshank Redemption, Dead Poets Society, and The Bourne Identity are films I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Memento
2 Who does that star?	Guy Pearce, Joe Pantoliano
3 I rate Harrison Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	Crossing Over

1 I liked Dawn of the Dead, Open Range, Saving Private Ryan, The Silence of the Lambs, Holes, Red Dragon, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Phone Booth
2 What else is that about?	Colin Farrell, Forest Whitaker, Kiefer Sutherland, Sniper, Katie Holmes, Joel Schumacher, Phone Booth, phone
3 I prefer Peter Bogdanovich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Targets

1 Clerks, Jackie Brown, Forrest Gump, Donnie Brasco, As Good as It Gets, The Virgin Suicides, and Titanic are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barbershop
2 What else is that about?	Cedric the Entertainer
3 I rate Stephen King movies. Any other suggestions?	Creepshow 2

1 Papillon, Awakenings, Hamlet, Buena Vista Social Club, Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss, Silkwood, and Moonstruck are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Sordid Lives
2 Who is that directed by?	Del Shores
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Looper, Star Trek Into Darkness, Memento, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Prestige, Kingdom of Heaven, and How to Train Your Dragon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Centurion
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Marshall
3 I rate Renny Harlin movies. Any other suggestions?	Cliffhanger

1 Ocean's Eleven, The Untouchables, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I loved. I'm looking for a guns movie.	Young Guns
2 Who does that star?	Kiefer Sutherland, Charlie Sheen, Emilio Estevez, Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I like Michael Moore movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bowling for Columbine

1 Braveheart, Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, Ghost, Mrs. Doubtfire, The Silence of the Lambs, and First Knight are movies I really like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Primal Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, murder, Edward Norton, Richard Gere, Laura Linney, Gregory Hoblit
3 I prefer Clint Eastwood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Changeling

1 I like Forrest Gump, Sin City, Batman Begins, V for Vendetta, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Amélie, and Monsters, Inc.. I'm looking for a mythology movie.	Stargate
2 What else is that about?	military, science fiction, mythology, Kurt Russell, wormhole, James Spader, Stargate
3 I prefer fairy tale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, The Lion King, The Usual Suspects, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, and Four Weddings and a Funeral. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I like Shia LaBeouf movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disturbia

1 The Ruling Class, The Exorcist, Glory, A Bug's Life, Fargo, The Blues Brothers, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Untouchables
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I prefer Morgan O'Neill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Factory

1 I love The Thomas Crown Affair, The Usual Suspects, Batman, Beverly Hills Cop, Army of Darkness, Apollo 13, and Strange Days. I'm looking for a James Garner movie.	Maverick
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I like Burt Kennedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Support Your Local Gunfighter

1 I liked Annie Hall, Blade Runner, My Life as a Dog, The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Once Upon a Time in America, Do the Right Thing, and Boys on the Side. I'm looking for a Manhattan movie.	Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle
2 What else is that about?	writers, Manhattan
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Manhattan

1 I really like Goodfellas, American Pie, Casino, The Sixth Sense, The Godfather, There's Something About Mary, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Police movie.	Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, Alan Rickman, book, lone hero, John McTiernan, skyscraper, john mcclane
3 I rate Richard Benjamin movies. Any other suggestions?	Downtown

1 The Godfather, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, When Harry Met Sally..., E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Saving Private Ryan, Airplane!, and A Fish Called Wanda are films I liked. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Diner
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson, baltimore
3 I rate Robin Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	Man of the Year

1 Tora! Tora! Tora!, Dark City, Pulp Fiction, October Sky, The Sweet Hereafter, Saving Private Ryan, and Jaws are films I really like. I'm looking for a hugo award movie.	Contact
2 Who does that star?	Jodie Foster, David Morse
3 I rate Sigourney Weaver movies. Any other suggestions?	Alien

1 I like Four Weddings and a Funeral, True Lies, Babe, and Clueless. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Very Brady Sequel
2 What else is that about?	sequel
3 I like Prison movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Love You Phillip Morris

1 Lost Highway, The Crying Game, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Magnolia, Tom Jones, Hard Eight, and Paths of Glory are films I loved. I'm looking for a Charlotte Gainsbourg movie.	The Cement Garden
2 What else is that about?	Charlotte Gainsbourg, Ian McEwan
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Do

1 Before Sunset, Hannah and Her Sisters, Love and Death, Bananas, Fargo, Manhattan, and 12 Angry Men are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Ethan Hawke movie.	Before Midnight
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy
3 I like Steve Zahn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Reality Bites

1 I Am Legend, The Hangover, Iron Man 2, Spider-Man 3, Forrest Gump, Along Came Polly, and Catch Me If You Can are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Date Night
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Steve Carell, Tina Fey
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	An American Hippie in Israel

1 Swingers, High Fidelity, Braveheart, Princess Mononoke, Crimes and Misdemeanors, City of God, and Hannah and Her Sisters are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Black Snake Moan
2 Who is that directed by?	Craig Brewer
3 I prefer King Vidor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bird of Paradise

1 The Avengers, Casino, Man of Steel, A Bronx Tale, Spider-Man 2, Saving Private Ryan, and Spider-Man are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	300
2 What else is that about?	comic book, War, r, historical, Epic, Gerard Butler, visual, Frank Miller, Zack Snyder, graphic novel, comic, queen, king, thermopylae
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prehistoric Women

1 Pulp Fiction, Shrek, Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, The Dark Knight, and Iron Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Cooper movie.	October Sky
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston
3 I rate Peter Berg movies. Any other suggestions?	The Kingdom

1 Sling Blade, The Wizard of Oz, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Full Monty, Moonstruck, The Princess Bride, and Sleeper are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Midnight Run
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Robert De Niro, Martin Brest
3 I like Will Ferrell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blades of Glory

1 I really like Taxi Driver, Clerks, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Paul Verhoeven movie.	Showgirls
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Verhoeven

1 Philadelphia, The Birdcage, Babe, Speed, Copycat, The Piano, and Rob Roy are films I really like. I'm looking for a Jodie Foster movie.	Home for the Holidays
2 Who is that directed by?	Jodie Foster
3 I rate Neill Blomkamp movies. Any other suggestions?	Elysium

1 The Shining, City Lights, Metropolis, Rear Window, The General, The Gold Rush, and Citizen Kane are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Rules of the Game
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jean Renoir, Class
3 I like satirical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blazing Saddles

1 Varsity Blues, Titanic, Forrest Gump, The Insider, Gladiator, The Green Mile, and Die Hard are films I like. I'm looking for a teen movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, High School, coming of age, teen, school, John Hughes, teenager, brat pack, Emilio Estevez, Molly Ringwald, Judd Nelson, Anthony Michael Hall, Ally Sheedy
3 I rate party movies. Any other suggestions?	Can't Hardly Wait

1 I liked Saving Private Ryan, The Wild Bunch, Reservoir Dogs, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Chinatown, The Great Escape, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a dublin movie.	The Commitments
2 What else is that about?	ireland, working class, Alan Parker, dublin
3 I like Music movies more. Do you know anything else?	Once

1 The Usual Suspects, Singin' in the Rain, The Wizard of Oz, Dogma, The Elephant Man, The Maltese Falcon, and Total Recall are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Bruce Campbell movie.	Evil Dead II
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi
3 I rate John Carpenter movies. Any other suggestions?	Escape from L.A.

1 Howl's Moving Castle, My Neighbor Totoro, Princess Mononoke, Up, Spirited Away, and The Princess Bride are movies I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Ponyo
2 Who is that directed by?	Hayao Miyazaki
3 I rate Will Vinton movies. Any other suggestions?	A Claymation Christmas Celebration

1 I really liked The Sound of Music, Apocalypse Now, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Raising Arizona, Pulp Fiction, The Wizard of Oz, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Winona Ryder movie.	Heathers
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, High School, cult classic, Winona Ryder, cult, Christian Slater, clique, Michael Lehmann, winona
3 I prefer Keanu Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Scanner Darkly

1 The Goonies, Wayne's World, Happy Gilmore, So I Married an Axe Murderer, and The Wedding Singer are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Cable Guy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jim Carrey, Ben Stiller, Matthew Broderick
3 I like Cameron Diaz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Supper

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Cinema Paradiso, City of God, Reservoir Dogs, Underground, The Godfather, and Manhattan are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Time of the Gypsies
2 What else is that about?	Gypsy, Emir Kusturica, kusturica, yugoslavia
3 I like nick and nora charles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Song of the Thin Man

1 Waiting for Guffman, Being John Malkovich, Six Degrees of Separation, Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Player, Clockwatchers, and Toy Story 2 are movies I love. I'm looking for a Brendan Gleeson movie.	The General
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Gleeson, John Boorman
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	In Bruges

1 I liked Dancer in the Dark, Blade Runner, Delicatessen, Dreams, High Fidelity, True Romance, and Psycho. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Killer
2 What else is that about?	assassin, hong kong, John Woo, chow yun fat
3 I rate Kevin Hooks movies. Any other suggestions?	Passenger 57

1 I really like Up, The Hurt Locker, V for Vendetta, War of the Buttons, Fracture, The Dark Knight Rises, and Dead Poets Society. I'm looking for a Laura Linney movie.	The Savages
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamara Jenkins
3 I rate Barry Levinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Man of the Year

1 Starship Troopers, Fried Green Tomatoes, Under Siege, Apollo 13, That Thing You Do!, The Shawshank Redemption, and Independence Day are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Private Parts
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Bartel
3 I like Daniel Pyne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Where's Marlowe?

1 The Fugitive, Schindler's List, Crimson Tide, Legends of the Fall, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a jack ryan movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I like John McTiernan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hunt for Red October

1 Babes in Toyland, The Shining, Cool Hand Luke, Old Yeller, The African Queen, Young Frankenstein, and The Sound of Music are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a quest movie.	The NeverEnding Story
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, story, Wolfgang Petersen, quest
3 I like Musical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Labyrinth

1 I like The First Wives Club, Space Jam, Twister, All Dogs Go to Heaven 2, Grumpier Old Men, The Ghost and the Darkness, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Flipper
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Left Foot

1 I love The Nightmare Before Christmas, Rear Window, Patriot Games, The Silence of the Lambs, The Manchurian Candidate, The Jungle Book, and The Wizard of Oz. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	On the Town
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Ann Miller, Betty Garrett
3 I like Jimmy Durante movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hollywood Party

1 Home Alone, Little Miss Sunshine, The Shawshank Redemption, Amélie, The Lives of Others, Schindler's List, and Mary Poppins are films I really liked. I'm looking for an africa movie.	Kirikou and the Sorceress
2 What else is that about?	africa, folk tale
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Coming to America

1 Soldier, Blade, Assault on Precinct 13, Saving Private Ryan, Army of Darkness, Pulp Fiction, and Road Trip are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	2010
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, sequel, science fiction, John Lithgow, Arthur C. Clarke
3 I prefer cia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bourne Ultimatum

1 Air Force One, Titus, Cinderella, The Quiet American, Face/Off, Priest, and Thirteen Conversations About One Thing are films I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Piano Teacher
2 What else is that about?	French, erotic, teacher, piano, Michael Haneke, haneke, Isabelle Huppert
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Guilty

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, Crimson Tide, Face/Off, Unforgiven, The Verdict, Good Will Hunting, and Serpico. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Color of Money
2 What else is that about?	Tom Cruise, Martin Scorsese, Paul Newman, pool
3 I like Sean Penn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Indian Runner

1 Shrek, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Pianist, Toy Story 2, Les Misérables, Zero Dark Thirty, and Star Trek Into Darkness are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a drummer movie.	Whiplash
2 What else is that about?	Music, jazz, Miles Teller, Damien Chazelle, drummer
3 I like musicians movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sound of Noise

1 Sherlock Holmes, Patriot Games, Mary Poppins, Armageddon, The Princess Diaries, The Wedding Planner, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I loved. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	War of the Worlds
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, Steven Spielberg, Tom Cruise, spielberg, Dakota Fanning
3 I prefer nazis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

1 I love Father of the Bride Part II, A Few Good Men, Men in Black, Bloodsport, The Mummy, The Breakfast Club, and MASH. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	Major League
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, baseball, David S. Ward, cleveland
3 I rate Fred Schepisi movies. Any other suggestions?	Mr. Baseball

1 I really like The Man from Earth, In America, No Country for Old Men, Gandhi, Super Size Me, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a Naomi Watts movie.	21 Grams
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Sean Penn, Naomi Watts, Benicio Del Toro, Alejandro González Iñárritu
3 I rate torture movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny Games

1 I really like The Matrix, Raiders of the Lost Ark, X-Men, I, Robot, Stargate, Clerks, and Aliens. I'm looking for a milla movie.	The Fifth Element
2 Who is that directed by?	Luc Besson

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, Get Shorty, The Usual Suspects, The Fugitive, and Casino. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Reality Bites
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Stiller
3 I rate Lawrence Guterman movies. Any other suggestions?	Son of the Mask

1 The Terminator, Aliens, You've Got Mail, Sleepless in Seattle, The American President, Pretty Woman, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I love. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Sphere
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson

1 Citizen Kane, The Adventures of Robin Hood, A Bug's Life, Raising Arizona, Singin' in the Rain, Persuasion, and Cruel Intentions are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis, George Raft
3 I like Mila Kunis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Extract

1 The Blues Brothers, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Airplane!, Total Recall, The Fugitive, Pleasantville, and Mars Attacks! are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an arnold movie.	Eraser
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, James Caan
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	Twins

1 Seven Samurai, No Country for Old Men, It's a Wonderful Life, Eyes Wide Shut, Rear Window, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Piano are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The King's Speech
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Hooper
3 I like Tony Bill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flyboys

1 Back to the Future, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Arsenic and Old Lace, Auntie Mame, Bonnie and Clyde, Being There, and Brokeback Mountain are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	BUtterfield 8
2 Who does that star?	Elizabeth Taylor, Laurence Harvey
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Tycoon

1 I love Leaving Las Vegas, Casablanca, Get Shorty, Six Degrees of Separation, Annie Hall, Unforgiven, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mighty Aphrodite
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Frank Coraci movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blended

1 Shine, The Sweetest Thing, The Birdcage, The Pianist, The Road to Wellville, The Good Girl, and Das Boot are movies I liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Soul Survivors
2 Who does that star?	Wes Bentley, Casey Affleck, Eliza Dushku, Melissa Sagemiller

1 I like Ghostbusters, The Game, Office Space, Army of Darkness, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Excalibur, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 What else is that about?	Action, Samuel L. Jackson, Geena Davis, Renny Harlin, Shane Black
3 I rate Ip Man movies. Any other suggestions?	Ip Man

1 The Godfather, Pretty Woman, A Fish Called Wanda, The Sting, Pale Rider, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Some Like It Hot are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clockwise
2 Who does that star?	John Cleese
3 I prefer James Coburn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The President's Analyst

1 I love The Matrix, The Shawshank Redemption, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Gladiator, Little Big Man, Father Goose, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Little Miss Sunshine
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dance, Steve Carell, Greg Kinnear, California, Toni Collette, Abigail Breslin, Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Arizona
3 I rate gulf war movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Kings

1 The Science of Sleep, Best in Show, Drop Dead Gorgeous, Trainspotting, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Ginger Snaps, and Toy Story 3 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Robert Zemeckis movie.	Death Becomes Her
2 What else is that about?	Bruce Willis, Robert Zemeckis, Goldie Hawn
3 I rate stranded movies. Any other suggestions?	Cast Away

1 The Crow, Sleepless in Seattle, Tombstone, While You Were Sleeping, Braveheart, Nell, and True Romance are films I liked. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I rate Vincent D'Onofrio movies. Any other suggestions?	Thumbsucker

1 Hot Fuzz, Halloween, The Thing, Evolution, Spawn, Finding Nemo, and Summer Wars are films I love. I'm looking for a Nicole Kidman movie.	The Invasion
2 What else is that about?	remake, Nicole Kidman, Daniel Craig
3 I like James Caan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dogville

1 I like The Princess Bride, Back to the Future, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Much Ado About Nothing, The Wrong Trousers, Crimson Tide, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Ashby
3 I rate Sergio Cabrera movies. Any other suggestions?	La estrategia del caracol

1 Trainspotting, Pulp Fiction, Heat, Donnie Brasco, Big Fish, The Insider, and American Beauty are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Carlito's Way
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I prefer John G. Avildsen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rocky

1 Amélie, District 9, The Exorcist, The Dark Crystal, Faust, The Time Machine, and Labyrinth are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Severance
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Horror, r, hungary
3 I rate hepburn and tracy movies. Any other suggestions?	Pat and Mike

1 I really liked Notorious, A Man for All Seasons, There's Something About Mary, Blade Runner, The Sixth Sense, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and Smoke. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Last Picture Show
2 Who does that star?	Jeff Bridges, Ben Johnson, Timothy Bottoms, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like Leslie Caron movies more. Do you know anything else?	The L-Shaped Room

1 The English Patient, Shakespeare in Love, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Groundhog Day, Beauty and the Beast, The Silence of the Lambs, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I really liked. I'm looking for a twist movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 What else is that about?	twist ending, Thriller, Bruce Willis, supernatural, surprise ending, M. Night Shyamalan, twist, 2, Haley Joel Osment, dead, shyamalan
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Saw

1 The Godfather, American Beauty, A Close Shave, Being John Malkovich, The Wrong Trousers, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Marlon Brando, Tennessee Williams, stage, Elia Kazan, Vivien Leigh, Karl Malden
3 I prefer Jean Negulesco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mask of Dimitrios

1 I loved Back to the Future, The Terminator, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Sixth Sense, The Matrix, Titanic, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Poseidon Adventure
2 What else is that about?	Gene Hackman, disaster, Ronald Neame, Shelley Winters, Irwin Allen
3 I like Barry Sonnenfeld movies more. Do you know anything else?	Get Shorty

1 I watched the films Miracle on 34th Street, Shane, Drop Dead Gorgeous, High Noon, Top Hat, Mister Roberts, and Metropolis and loved them. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	All Quiet on the Western Front
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone
3 I prefer James Whale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Waterloo Bridge

1 I really like Lethal Weapon, Breaking Away, Atlantic City, All the King's Men, The Falcon and the Snowman, Lord of the Flies, and Lifeboat. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The French Connection
2 What else is that about?	Action, Police, national film registry, New York, Gene Hackman, best picture, William Friedkin
3 I rate martial arts movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Boss

1 Hero, Higher Learning, The Matrix, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, The Searchers, Bowling for Columbine, and Big Trouble in Little China are movies I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Robot Jox
2 Who does that star?	Paul Koslo, Gary Graham

1 No Country for Old Men, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Fargo, The Lion King, Fight Club, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are movies I love. I'm looking for a David Cross movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 Who is that directed by?	Michel Gondry
3 I like Mark Osborne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kung Fu Panda

1 Babe, Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, Dead Man Walking, and Toy Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a warm movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins

1 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Beetlejuice, Never Cry Wolf, Stonewall, Forrest Gump, Wag the Dog, and Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss are movies I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Love! Valour! Compassion!
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Mantello

1 Hope Floats, Twister, The Lost Boys, Grumpy Old Men, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Ghost and the Darkness, and Contact are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Return to Oz
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, oz, dorothy
3 I prefer Gary Cooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The General Died at Dawn

1 The Sixth Sense, The Godfather, Blazing Saddles, Schindler's List, Paths of Glory, Midnight Express, and Animal House are films I loved. I'm looking for an alcoholism movie.	Days of Wine and Roses
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Lee Remick, Charles Bickford, Jack Klugman
3 I like Temuera Morrison movies more. Do you know anything else?	Once Were Warriors

1 Pulp Fiction, Pan's Labyrinth, American Beauty, Magnolia, Being John Malkovich, Sin City, and In Bruges are movies I like. I'm looking for a Madeleine Stowe movie.	The Proposition
2 Who does that star?	Kenneth Branagh, Madeleine Stowe, Robert Loggia
3 I rate Sylvester Stallone movies. Any other suggestions?	Avenging Angelo

1 I love Life of Pi, Mr. Nobody, The Darjeeling Limited, Atonement, House of Sand and Fog, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Babel. I'm looking for a Helena Bonham Carter movie.	Big Fish
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I rate Hans Canosa movies. Any other suggestions?	Conversations with Other Women

1 Grumpier Old Men, Big Daddy, Good Will Hunting, Twister, Jerry Maguire, Liar Liar, and Men in Black are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Armageddon
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Billy Bob Thornton, Liv Tyler
3 I rate Frances O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiss or Kill

1 A Close Shave, The Usual Suspects, Brazil, The Shawshank Redemption, Trainspotting, Richard III, and L.A. Confidential are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Schlesinger movie.	Cold Comfort Farm
2 What else is that about?	Ian McKellen, John Schlesinger
3 I like Thomas Hardy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Far from the Madding Crowd

1 Crash, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, Jaws, Juno, The Matrix, and The Fifth Element are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	How to Train Your Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, Fantasy, Animation, story, animated, 3d, Dragon, dreamworks, Jonah Hill, Gerard Butler, Jay Baruchel, dreamworks animation, Chris Sanders, Dean DeBlois, Craig Ferguson
3 I rate anime movies. Any other suggestions?	Fist of the North Star

1 I really like Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, Good Will Hunting, American Beauty, Fight Club, Citizen Kane, and American History X. I'm looking for a Willem Dafoe movie.	Mississippi Burning
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I prefer Mary Harron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Psycho

1 I liked Gladiator, Kramer vs. Kramer, A Simple Plan, Erin Brockovich, Network, Schindler's List, and The Blues Brothers. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Best in Show
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Christopher Guest, improvised
3 I like James Gandolfini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enough Said

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Six Degrees of Separation, Aladdin, Smoke, Ed Wood, In the Mouth of Madness, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tank Girl
2 What else is that about?	stylized, comic book, punk, Lori Petty
3 I like video game movies more. Do you know anything else?	Super Mario Bros.

1 I really like 12 Angry Men, Memento, Fantasia, Harvey, Spirited Away, Cool Hand Luke, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Mary Poppins
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Magic, Musical, children, London, Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke, nanny, disney studios, Robert Stevenson, magical nanny, David Tomlinson
3 I prefer Cedric the Entertainer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Honeymooners

1 The Blind Side, Little Miss Sunshine, The Color Purple, Toy Story, Rain Man, The Shawshank Redemption, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	About a Boy
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Grant, Nicholas Hoult
3 I prefer Jackie Coogan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kid

1 I really like The Bourne Identity, Riding in Cars with Boys, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Erin Brockovich, All of Me, Ocean's Eleven, and True Lies. I'm looking for a murder movie.	No Way Out
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Gene Hackman, Kevin Costner, Sean Young
3 I rate dystopia movies. Any other suggestions?	V for Vendetta

1 I love The Terminator, Dead Man Walking, The Thing, Airplane!, Freeway, RoboCop, and Die Hard. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Pale Rider
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood
3 I like Joan Leslie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man in the Saddle

1 Casablanca, Heathers, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, The English Patient, A Christmas Carol, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I really like. I'm looking for an Airport movie.	Airplane!
2 Who does that star?	Lloyd Bridges, Julie Hagerty, Peter Graves
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Terminal

1 Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, The Blair Witch Project, The Manchurian Candidate, Back to the Future, Blue Velvet, Seven Samurai, and Vertigo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Sanjuro
2 What else is that about?	japan, samurai, Akira Kurosawa, Japanese, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I prefer Ransom movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	High and Low

1 The Killing Fields, Henry V, The Godfather, Moonstruck, The Big Chill, The Princess Bride, and Being There are films I really like. I'm looking for a Paul Verhoeven movie.	Soldier of Orange
2 What else is that about?	Paul Verhoeven, Dutch
3 I prefer sex movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Basic Instinct

1 I watched the films Blazing Saddles, Bachelor Party, Things Are Tough All Over, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, The Sixth Sense, Raising Arizona, and Young Frankenstein and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ernest Goes to Jail
2 Who does that star?	Jim Varney
3 I rate Brendan Fraser movies. Any other suggestions?	Pawn Shop Chronicles

1 A Time to Kill, Forrest Gump, The Matrix, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, The Silence of the Lambs, Silver Linings Playbook, and Inception are films I really like. I'm looking for a teen movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hughes
3 I rate Larry Clark movies. Any other suggestions?	Kids

1 Crash, Super Size Me, Big Fish, Shrek, The Green Mile, Sideways, and Forrest Gump are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, animated, series, Hank Azaria, simpsons, David Silverman
3 I like Sophia Loren movies more. Do you know anything else?	Houseboat

1 Batman Begins, Lost in Translation, Schindler's List, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Princess Bride, and The City of Lost Children are movies I like. I'm looking for a parody movie.	Austin Powers in Goldmember
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Michael York, Seth Green, Beyoncé Knowles
3 I prefer Tim Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Galaxy Quest

1 Apocalypse Now, Elephant, The Constant Gardener, The Virgin Spring, The Royal Tenenbaums, Secretary, and La Haine are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Punch-Drunk Love
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Thomas Anderson
3 I like Max Ophüls movies more. Do you know anything else?	Everybody's Woman

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Schindler's List, Strangers on a Train, The Game, Aliens, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and The Wrong Trousers are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sterling Hayden movie.	The Killing
2 Who does that star?	Sterling Hayden, Vince Edwards, Coleen Gray

1 I love Being There, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Right Stuff, Aliens, Heat, Phenomenon, and Ghost. I'm looking for an Aliens movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I rate Milla Jovovich movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fourth Kind

1 Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Apocalypse Now, Brazil, Do the Right Thing, American Beauty, Dog Day Afternoon, and Annie Hall are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Way We Were
2 Who does that star?	Robert Redford, Barbra Streisand
3 I prefer Helen Hayes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night Flight

1 I watched the films Forrest Gump, The Dirty Dozen, L.A. Story, Trainspotting, Charade, Roman Holiday, and The Great Escape and loved them. I'm looking for a Robert Altman movie.	Short Cuts
2 Who does that star?	Andie MacDowell, Jack Lemmon
3 I like Janice Rule movies more. Do you know anything else?	3 Women

1 The Motorcycle Diaries, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Rushmore, Murder by Death, The Fugitive, The War of the Roses, and Fight Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood
2 What else is that about?	wayans brothers
3 I rate Ian Somerhalder movies. Any other suggestions?	Wake

1 The Usual Suspects, The Sting, Sneakers, Dog Day Afternoon, The Princess Bride, The Blues Brothers, and True Romance are films I liked. I'm looking for a Bob Clark movie.	A Christmas Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Clark

1 The Usual Suspects, It's a Wonderful Life, The Fugitive, Shakespeare in Love, Chasing Amy, To Kill a Mockingbird, and There's Something About Mary are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roman Holiday
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Romantic Comedy, Audrey Hepburn, rome, Gregory Peck, William Wyler, Princess
3 I prefer empire state building movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleepless in Seattle

1 The Godfather, Shrek, Forrest Gump, Night of the Living Dead, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Eight Men Out, and Psycho are films I loved. I'm looking for a George Lucas movie.	Willow
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like George Lucas movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Graffiti

1 Hot Fuzz, Blast from the Past, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Kung Fu Hustle, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Big Daddy, and Dogma are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Colombiana
2 Who does that star?	Zoe Saldana, Jordi Mollà, Lennie James
3 I like Maria Bello movies more. Do you know anything else?	Abduction

1 Brazil, Spirited Away, Un Chien Andalou, The Shawshank Redemption, Clerks II, Fight Club, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a traps movie.	Cube
2 Who is that directed by?	Vincenzo Natali

1 Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, A Fistful of Dollars, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Cool Hand Luke, The Silence of the Lambs, Rebel Without a Cause, and The Exorcist are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Time Bandits
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, John Cleese, Shelley Duvall, Katherine Helmond
3 I like Julie Andrews movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mary Poppins

1 Toy Story, Total Recall, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Minority Report, The Abyss, The Shawshank Redemption, and Office Space are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Monsters, Inc.
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Music, pixar, disney, story, children, characters, animated, Steve Buscemi, John Goodman, Monsters, 3, Billy Crystal, pixar animation, James Coburn, Pete Docter, Lee Unkrich, Jennifer Tilly, Andrew Stanton, David Silverman
3 I prefer surveillance movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Scanner Darkly

1 I liked Blink, The Firm, The Amazing Panda Adventure, Independence Day, The Three Musketeers, High School High, and Fled. I'm looking for a hillbillies movie.	The Beverly Hillbillies
2 Who does that star?	Jim Varney, Cloris Leachman, Erika Eleniak, Diedrich Bader

1 Apollo 13, Finding Nemo, I Am Sam, Erin Brockovich, Forrest Gump, The Terminator, and U-571 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Doc Hollywood
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Michael J. Fox
3 I like French movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Do

1 I really liked The City of Lost Children, Michael, Nixon, Jane Eyre, The Evening Star, Dead Man Walking, and Jerry Maguire. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Diabolique
2 What else is that about?	remake, Sharon Stone, Chazz Palminteri
3 I prefer psychological movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Village

1 The Sixth Sense, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, The Terminator, The Godfather, Antz, and L.A. Confidential are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Candy movie.	Cool Runnings
2 What else is that about?	sports, olympics, John Candy, jamaica, Jon Turteltaub, bobsled
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spaceballs

1 I really like The 400 Blows, Psycho, The Searchers, Kind Hearts and Coronets, Vanya on 42nd Street, The Straight Story, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Lavender Hill Mob
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Alec Guinness, ealing studios, Charles Crichton
3 I like David Hewlett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nothing

1 I love Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Signs, Sin City, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Dark City, The Princess Bride, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for an Italian movie.	Deep Red
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giallo, Dario Argento
3 I rate Michelangelo Antonioni movies. Any other suggestions?	L'Avventura

1 I like The Last of the Mohicans, Fargo, The Contender, Top Gun, A Clockwork Orange, Being John Malkovich, and The Secret of NIMH. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Thin Red Line
2 What else is that about?	criterion, world war ii, cinematography, War, ensemble cast, George Clooney, seen, Sean Penn, John Travolta, Adrien Brody, Jared Leto, Terrence Malick, Nick Nolte
3 I like John Farrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wake Island

1 The Truman Show, Apocalypse Now, Heat, Taxi Driver, The Mask, The Godfather, and Annie Hall are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, 1980s, Adam Sandler, Romantic Comedy, Drew Barrymore, Frank Coraci
3 I like Fran Drescher movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hollywood Knights

1 Tombstone, French Kiss, Casino, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, Carlito's Way, and GoldenEye are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Broken Arrow
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Jeff Chandler
3 I like Kevin Kline movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Emperor's Club

1 Casablanca, Frenzy, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Player, The Producers, American Beauty, and Modern Times are movies I like. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Jaws 2
2 What else is that about?	franchise, sequel, shark
3 I rate ensemble cast movies. Any other suggestions?	Ocean's Thirteen

1 Clear and Present Danger, Forrest Gump, Speed, Pretty Woman, The Bridges of Madison County, and Babe are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I prefer Brian Gilbert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Gathering

1 I really like The Sixth Sense, Modern Times, Tomorrow Never Dies, Quiz Show, Being John Malkovich, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Crimson Tide. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Champ
2 Who does that star?	Jon Voight, Faye Dunaway, Ricky Schroder

1 Avatar, The Terminator, Raising Arizona, Thor, The Craft, Iron Man, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Matrix
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Hugo Weaving, Laurence Fishburne
3 I like Diane Lane movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hollywoodland

1 Three Kings, Barcelona, Sneakers, Much Ado About Nothing, Apollo 13, Gattaca, and The Insider are films I really like. I'm looking for a Lee Tamahori movie.	Once Were Warriors
2 What else is that about?	violence, poverty, alcoholism, new zealand, Lee Tamahori
3 I like Morgan Freeman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Along Came a Spider

1 Scream, A Clockwork Orange, Contact, Braveheart, Liar Liar, Speed, and Independence Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Thinner
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Holland
3 I prefer Jeff Fisher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killer Movie

1 I really liked The English Patient, Fargo, Life Is Beautiful, Toy Story, Psycho, The Man Who Would Be King, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Vanishing
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I prefer found footage movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Quarantine

1 I like Slums of Beverly Hills, Freeway, Happy Gilmore, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, The Wizard of Oz, Heathers, and Shine. I'm looking for a decent movie.	2 Days in the Valley
2 Who is that directed by?	John Herzfeld

1 I loved The Muppet Movie, American Beauty, Glory, When Harry Met Sally..., Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Happy Gilmore, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hughes
3 I prefer Joachim Rønning movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bandidas

1 Ocean's Eleven, The Philadelphia Story, The Princess Bride, Roman Holiday, Toy Story, Sleepless in Seattle, and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 What else is that about?	r, Matt Damon, Robin Williams, own, owned, mathematics, Ben Affleck, genius, boston, math, Gus Van Sant, Minnie Driver, therapy
3 I like John Guillermin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Guns at Batasi

1 King Kong, Them!, Once Upon a Time in the West, From Here to Eternity, Vertigo, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Casablanca are movies I like. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	Shadow of a Doubt
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock
3 I prefer San Francisco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vertigo

1 I loved Groundhog Day, The Dark Knight, The Big Lebowski, The Machinist, The Shining, Full Metal Jacket, and Heat. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Despicable Me
2 Who does that star?	Steve Carell, Jason Segel
3 I rate Steve Buscemi movies. Any other suggestions?	Monsters University

1 Stand by Me, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Full Metal Jacket, The Terminator, Million Dollar Baby, Fargo, and Saving Private Ryan are films I loved. I'm looking for a psychiatrist movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I like Harold Ramis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Analyze This

1 I love The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, Saving Private Ryan, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Swingers, and The Godfather. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Meet Joe Black
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I rate Joe Johnston movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wolfman

1 The Breakfast Club, Escape from New York, The Terminator, Batman, Toy Story, Herbie Goes Bananas, and Splash are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Nightmare movie.	A Nightmare on Elm Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Samuel Bayer

1 The Hunt for Red October, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Arsenic and Old Lace, Gladiator, The Shawshank Redemption, Sleepless in Seattle, and The American President are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Schlesinger movie.	Marathon Man
2 What else is that about?	suspense, Dustin Hoffman, John Schlesinger
3 I like Secrets movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Falcon and the Snowman

1 Lawrence of Arabia, Life Is Beautiful, Apocalypse Now, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Blade Runner, My Life as a Dog, and Slumdog Millionaire are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Chiwetel Ejiofor movie.	Children of Men
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Clive Owen
3 I like Russell Crowe movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Gangster

1 The City of Lost Children, M, Muppet Treasure Island, Strange Days, The Remains of the Day, A Clockwork Orange, and Dracula are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kids
2 What else is that about?	drugs, new york city, teen, teenagers, Rosario Dawson, Harmony Korine, Larry Clark
3 I like Rob Reiner movies more. Do you know anything else?	The American President

1 The Hunt for Red October, The Mask of Zorro, Being John Malkovich, Trading Places, Mary Poppins, Yojimbo, and A View to a Kill are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	The Color Purple
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, spielberg, women, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I rate Robert Shaw movies. Any other suggestions?	Jaws

1 Sling Blade, Not Another Teen Movie, In the Bedroom, In the Name of the Father, Training Day, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Heaven Can Wait are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Kelly Preston movie.	Secret Admirer
2 What else is that about?	Kelly Preston
3 I rate Matthew Broderick movies. Any other suggestions?	Addicted to Love

1 I like Big, Schindler's List, Traffic, Somewhere in Time, Dave, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Sting. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Coma
2 What else is that about?	tense, Michael Crichton, Tom Selleck
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Runaway

1 Repo Man, American Beauty, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Pulp Fiction, Romeo + Juliet, Strictly Ballroom, and Batman are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Patriot Games
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Bean, Anne Archer, Patrick Bergin
3 I like Hulk Hogan movies more. Do you know anything else?	No Holds Barred

1 I loved The General, A Close Shave, Tampopo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Sleepless in Seattle, Back to the Future Part III, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Desk Set
2 Who is that directed by?	Walter Lang
3 I rate Eli Roth movies. Any other suggestions?	Cabin Fever

1 I Am Legend, The Matador, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Die Another Day, Fracture, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Iron Man are movies I love. I'm looking for a Will Ferrell movie.	Wedding Crashers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Will Ferrell, Owen Wilson, Christopher Walken, wedding, Vince Vaughn, David Dobkin
3 I like Nicole Kidman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bewitched

1 I liked Mostly Martha, The Prestige, Collateral, The Princess Bride, How to Train Your Dragon, Rain Man, and Slumdog Millionaire. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Stardust
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, british, Robert De Niro, Ian McKellen, Ricky Gervais, Neil Gaiman, Claire Danes, Michelle Pfeiffer, Peter O'Toole, Mark Strong, hugo award, Matthew Vaughn, Charlie Cox, wall
3 I prefer Dragon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dragonquest

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Breakfast Club, Running Scared, When Harry Met Sally..., Clerks, Caddyshack, and A Fistful of Dollars are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Wisdom
2 Who is that directed by?	Emilio Estevez
3 I prefer Phil Karlson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kansas City Confidential

1 The Matrix, The Seventh Seal, Apocalypse Now, A Clockwork Orange, Donnie Brasco, The Hours, and Finding Nemo are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Rope
2 What else is that about?	murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, long takes
3 I prefer Leelee Sobieski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Glass House

1 Poltergeist, Gladiator, Forrest Gump, The Negotiator, In the Line of Fire, The Abyss, and The Goodbye Girl are films I loved. I'm looking for a bond movie.	The World Is Not Enough
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Apted
3 I prefer Terence Young movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dr. No

1 The Searchers, The Longest Day, Lonely Are the Brave, The Killing Fields, Good Morning, Vietnam, Braveheart, and Legends of the Fall are movies I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Wyatt Earp
2 What else is that about?	Western, Gene Hackman, Kevin Costner, Dennis Quaid
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	4 for Texas

1 I like Toy Story, Four Rooms, It's My Party, White Squall, and The Birdcage. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Sleepers
2 What else is that about?	r, Barry Levinson
3 I rate president movies. Any other suggestions?	Man of the Year

1 A Nightmare on Elm Street, Beetlejuice, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Requiem for a Dream, Pleasantville, Schindler's List, and The Full Monty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	Criminal Lovers
2 Who is that directed by?	François Ozon
3 I rate Rachid Bouchareb movies. Any other suggestions?	Outside the Law

1 I like American History X, The Truman Show, The Matrix, Airplane!, Pulp Fiction, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Fahrenheit 9/11. I'm looking for an obesity movie.	Super Size Me
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, own, food, lies, obesity, Morgan Spurlock, Fast Food, health

1 Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Firm, Ghost, Braveheart, and Little Women are movies I loved. I'm looking for a futuristic movie.	Waterworld
2 What else is that about?	futuristic, Kevin Costner, Water
3 I prefer Woody Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sleeper

1 Sneakers, Fargo, The Spanish Prisoner, Happiness, The Fugitive, Fight Club, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Ransom
2 Who does that star?	Mel Gibson, Rene Russo, Gary Sinise
3 I prefer Halle Berry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rich Man's Wife

1 The Birdcage, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Basketball Diaries, Field of Dreams, A Few Good Men, Simon Birch, and Singin' in the Rain are films I loved. I'm looking for a gay movie.	Stonewall
2 Who does that star?	Guillermo Díaz, Frederick Weller, Brendan Corbalis, Duane Boutte
3 I like Brian Kerwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Torch Song Trilogy

1 The NeverEnding Story, The Breakfast Club, The Princess Bride, Being John Malkovich, The Shawshank Redemption, Almost Famous, and Best in Show are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tippi Hedren movie.	The Birds
2 Who does that star?	Jessica Tandy, Rod Taylor, Tippi Hedren, Suzanne Pleshette
3 I prefer Sean Connery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Marnie

1 Say Anything..., Casino, Gattaca, Pan's Labyrinth, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, X-Men, and Goodfellas are films I like. I'm looking for a Terence Young movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I prefer agent movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thunderball

1 Fatal Attraction, The Sixth Sense, The Blair Witch Project, Rebecca, Chinatown, A Grand Day Out, and The Little Shop of Horrors are films I really like. I'm looking for a Tom Holland movie.	Child's Play
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Chris Sarandon, Tom Holland
3 I prefer Roddy McDowall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fright Night

1 Casablanca, Beetlejuice, Unforgiven, Almost Famous, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Three Kings, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Do the Right Thing
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, John Turturro, Spike Lee
3 I rate William Wyler movies. Any other suggestions?	These Three

1 I like Being John Malkovich, The Birdcage, Goodfellas, V for Vendetta, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Matrix, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love Actually
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Curtis
3 I like Geneviève Robert movies more. Do you know anything else?	Casual Sex?

1 I loved Wag the Dog, Election, Toy Story, L.A. Story, Dead Man Walking, Looking for Richard, and The World of Apu. I'm looking for a John Goodman movie.	Fallen
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Hoblit
3 I prefer Pete Docter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monsters, Inc.

1 What's Love Got to Do with It, Demolition Man, Casper, Species, To Die For, The Fugitive, and Nell are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Exit to Eden
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Rosie O'Donnell, Dana Delany, Paul Mercurio
3 I like Jason Segel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Teacher

1 I loved Swingers, Pulp Fiction, The World Is Not Enough, L.A. Confidential, Unforgiven, Smoke Signals, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Witness
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Harrison Ford, Peter Weir, amish
3 I like San Francisco movies more. Do you know anything else?	Vertigo

1 Mallrats, The Sixth Sense, Toys, Forrest Gump, Stand and Deliver, Hackers, and Akira are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	Pretty in Pink
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Deutch
3 I prefer Garry Marshall movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Runaway Bride

1 In the Line of Fire, Forrest Gump, Clear and Present Danger, The Fugitive, Tombstone, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a green movie.	The Mask
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Greene, Peter Riegert
3 I rate Eric Bana movies. Any other suggestions?	Hulk

1 Memento, North by Northwest, The 'Burbs, The Insider, Spider-Man, Panic Room, and Doctor Zhivago are films I loved. I'm looking for a Julia Roberts movie.	America's Sweethearts
2 What else is that about?	John Cusack, Julia Roberts, Billy Crystal, Seth Green, Hank Azaria
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mexican

1 The Dark Knight, Donnie Darko, Groundhog Day, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, and Fight Club are movies I liked. I'm looking for a machines movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality

1 I loved Raiders of the Lost Ark, Trainspotting, Taxi Driver, My Fair Lady, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, American Beauty, and The Manchurian Candidate. I'm looking for a Humphrey Bogart movie.	The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Gold
3 I rate Howard Hawks movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Sleep

1 I really like Top Gun, Pretty Woman, Amélie, Lethal Weapon, The Shawshank Redemption, Notting Hill, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a swashbuckler movie.	The Legend of Zorro
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Campbell
3 I like Michael Curtiz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Robin Hood

1 The Rock, The Blues Brothers, Airplane!, Die Hard 2, Clear and Present Danger, Fletch, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Harold Ramis movie.	National Lampoon's Vacation
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I like Ivan Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ghostbusters

1 I love Ed Wood, Election, Titus, On the Waterfront, Picnic at Hanging Rock, A Mighty Wind, and American Splendor. I'm looking for an Anna Faris movie.	May
2 Who is that directed by?	Lucky McKee
3 I prefer Jody Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Observe and Report

1 Shakespeare in Love, The Prince of Egypt, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Crying Game, Vertigo, The Little Mermaid, and Pecker are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Exorcist
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin
3 I prefer Bob Clark movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things

1 Groundhog Day, Taken, Primer, Annie Hall, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pulp Fiction, and The Departed are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Frost/Nixon
2 What else is that about?	r, historical, television, Broadway, Ron Howard, president, Frank Langella, richard nixon, Michael Sheen, Nixon
3 I like Henry Hathaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	Down to the Sea in Ships

1 The Princess Bride, Tales from the Hood, Akira, Of Mice and Men, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and The Man Who Would Be King are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Canadian Bacon
2 What else is that about?	Michael Moore
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Madea Goes to Jail

1 I like Life Is Beautiful, Moonstruck, And Now for Something Completely Different, Election, Bowfinger, Waiting for Guffman, and Mary Poppins. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, John Hughes, Chicago, Matthew Broderick, breaks the fourth wall
3 I rate Vincent D'Onofrio movies. Any other suggestions?	Feeling Minnesota

1 I loved Babe, Schindler's List, Gladiator, A Christmas Story, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Murphy's Romance, and Circle of Friends. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Competition
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Amy Irving
3 I prefer Julia Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mona Lisa Smile

1 Grease, Father of the Bride Part II, Clerks, Army of Darkness, Dead Poets Society, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Forrest Gump are films I love. I'm looking for a Kevin Smith movie.	Mallrats
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith
3 I rate Susannah Grant movies. Any other suggestions?	Catch and Release

1 I loved Jumanji, Batman, Forrest Gump, Nine Months, Philadelphia, The Lion King, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, Kevin Dunn
3 I like Judy Holliday movies more. Do you know anything else?	Phffft

1 I liked Legends of the Fall, Jaws, There's Something About Mary, The Santa Clause, Backdraft, Stand by Me, and Powder. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Small Soldiers
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Dante
3 I prefer Maurizio Lucidi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Street People

1 Ed Wood, Run Lola Run, The Maltese Falcon, Inherit the Wind, Tender Mercies, Annie Hall, and Modern Times are films I love. I'm looking for a Love movie.	City Lights
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, friendship, Love, national film registry, sad, charlie chaplin, G, Chaplin, Blind
3 I prefer germany movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Europa

1 I really like Gosford Park, Being There, Moulin Rouge!, Body Snatchers, Boogie Nights, Raging Bull, and If..... I'm looking for an erotic movie.	The Piano Teacher
2 What else is that about?	French, erotic, teacher, piano, Michael Haneke, haneke, Isabelle Huppert
3 I prefer sexual movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eyes Wide Shut

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Once, The Incredibles, Kung Fu Hustle, Looper, Men in Black, and Sherlock Holmes are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Royal Tenenbaums
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	1911

1 I really liked Parenthood, L.A. Confidential, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Babe, Raise the Red Lantern, Coming Home, and Risky Business. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Butcher Boy
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I prefer british movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Henry V

1 Addams Family Values, Big Momma's House, The Nutty Professor, Cruel Intentions, Free Willy, The Man in the Iron Mask, and Major Payne are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Sylvester Stallone movie.	Rocky V
2 What else is that about?	Sylvester Stallone, Burgess Meredith, Talia Shire, box
3 I prefer John Flynn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lock Up

1 Paths of Glory, Children of Paradise, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Singin' in the Rain, A Night at the Opera, Rope, and The Conformist are films I liked. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	Miller's Crossing
2 What else is that about?	coen brothers, John Turturro, great, Gabriel Byrne
3 I prefer Steve Buscemi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fargo

1 Transformers, Little Women, Erin Brockovich, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and The Hunger Games are films I love. I'm looking for a David Fincher movie.	Panic Room
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Jodie Foster, David Fincher, Kristen Stewart, surveillance, Forest Whitaker, Jared Leto, 2
3 I like investigation movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zodiac

1 I liked The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, Primal Fear, A Soldier's Story, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Sleeper, Double Indemnity, and A Man and a Woman. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Great Santini
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis John Carlino
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Schindler's List, Out of Sight, Goodfellas, The Maltese Falcon, Annie Hall, Seven Samurai, and Dark City are films I liked. I'm looking for a story movie.	Gangs of New York
2 What else is that about?	violent, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, story, Martin Scorsese, New York, gangs
3 I like pixar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Finding Nemo

1 I like Back to the Future, The Godfather, ¡Three Amigos!, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Departed, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I like Peter Hyams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sudden Death

1 Billy Elliot, Billy Madison, Saving Private Ryan, Magnolia, Clueless, The Exorcist, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Charlize Theron movie.	The Legend of Bagger Vance
2 What else is that about?	Matt Damon, Will Smith, Charlize Theron, magical negro
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Young Adult

1 K-PAX, A Beautiful Mind, Crash, Hotel Rwanda, and The Sixth Sense are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Evil
2 Who is that directed by?	Mikael Håfström
3 I like James Merendino movies more. Do you know anything else?	SLC Punk!

1 Romeo + Juliet, Heat, Ransom, A Time to Kill, The Craft, Muppet Treasure Island, and The Juror are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Edward Norton movie.	Primal Fear
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Crime, murder, Edward Norton, Richard Gere, Laura Linney, Gregory Hoblit
3 I prefer ending movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fight Club

1 Heathers, The Godfather, Election, The Blues Brothers, Some Like It Hot, The Producers, and Midnight Run are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Citizen Ruth
2 Who does that star?	Laura Dern
3 I rate Gene Wilder movies. Any other suggestions?	Start the Revolution Without Me

1 Black Hawk Down, Deep Impact, Big Fish, Princess Mononoke, The Terminal, Matchstick Men, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	The Bucket List
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Jack Nicholson
3 I prefer Stephen King movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shining

1 The Terminator, The Thomas Crown Affair, From Russia with Love, Crimson Tide, Tora! Tora! Tora!, Die Hard, and Rob Roy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Guns of Navarone
2 What else is that about?	Action, bd-r, world war ii, Anthony Quinn, J. Lee Thompson
3 I rate Dragon movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiss of the Dragon

1 I loved The Shining, Casino Royale, The Silence of the Lambs, 300, The Butterfly Effect, Apocalypse Now, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Denzel Washington movie.	Training Day
2 What else is that about?	r, Denzel Washington, Ethan Hawke, Antoine Fuqua
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Book of Eli

1 Once Upon a Time in America, The Quiet American, Matchstick Men, Kiss of the Spider Woman, My Dinner with Andre, Bowling for Columbine, and Swimming Pool are films I liked. I'm looking for a politics movie.	Z
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, politics, Greek, political thriller
3 I like Claude Rains movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington

1 I loved Liar Liar, Back to the Future Part III, Ghost, The Princess Bride, The American President, The Breakfast Club, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Whistling in the Dark

1 Braveheart, The Usual Suspects, Leaving Las Vegas, Richard III, Schindler's List, Apollo 13, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really like. I'm looking for a theater movie.	Clerks
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Smith

1 I loved Babe, Chaplin, The Color Purple, Hamlet, Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss, Run Lola Run, and Valmont. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Heist
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mamet
3 I rate Raoul Walsh movies. Any other suggestions?	The Roaring Twenties

1 Fight Club, Gladiator, V for Vendetta, Ronin, Blade Runner, The Princess Bride, and Equilibrium are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	Pump Up the Volume
2 What else is that about?	Christian Slater, Allan Moyle
3 I like Christopher Walken movies more. Do you know anything else?	True Romance

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Grand Day Out, Romeo + Juliet, The Blues Brothers, Get Shorty, Pulp Fiction, and A Fish Called Wanda are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 Who does that star?	Mike Myers, Nancy Travis
3 I prefer Richard Attenborough movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I'm All Right Jack

1 Mulan, The King's Speech, Memento, Fight Club, Rope, Burn After Reading, and Saw are films I like. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	True Grit
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld
3 I prefer Julianne Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Lebowski

1 The Exorcist, Predator, Back to the Future, Fight Club, Office Space, The Silence of the Lambs, and Billy Madison are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	George Hickenlooper
3 I like Cordell Barker movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cat Came Back

1 I really liked Cold Comfort Farm, Dead Man Walking, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Raise the Red Lantern, The Usual Suspects, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Home for the Holidays
2 What else is that about?	Jodie Foster, robert downey jr
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Johnny English

1 The American President and A Time to Kill are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I like Robert Redford movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Horse Whisperer

1 Almost Famous, Love Actually, The Silence of the Lambs, 28 Weeks Later, The Matrix, The Life of David Gale, and Signs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a friendship movie.	Me Without You
2 Who is that directed by?	Sandra Goldbacher
3 I like Ignacio Ferreras movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wrinkles

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Wizard of Oz, Rebecca, MASH, Duck Soup, Bringing Up Baby, and Top Hat are films I love. I'm looking for a David Lynch movie.	The Elephant Man
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lynch

1 The Sweet Hereafter, Enchanted April, The English Patient, The Wings of the Dove, Shall We Dance?, Schindler's List, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Age of Innocence
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer John N. Smith movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dangerous Minds

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, Jurassic Park, Braveheart, Ghost, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a script movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I like Mel Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Signs

1 The Devil Wears Prada, The Shawshank Redemption, V for Vendetta, Pan's Labyrinth, Whip It, I, Robot, and Push are movies I love. I'm looking for a france movie.	Coco Before Chanel
2 Who does that star?	Audrey Tautou
3 I like Alice Trémolière movies more. Do you know anything else?	The French Kissers

1 Sense and Sensibility, The Prince of Egypt, A Time to Kill, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Chicago, Anastasia, and The Crow are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 Who does that star?	Keanu Reeves, Anthony Quinn, Giancarlo Giannini
3 I rate María Valverde movies. Any other suggestions?	Melissa P.

1 Batman, Sherlock Holmes, Stardust, Minority Report, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Inception, and Avatar are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Vera Farmiga movie.	Source Code
2 Who is that directed by?	Duncan Jones
3 I rate James Wan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Conjuring

1 Animal House, Shakespeare in Love, A Christmas Story, American Beauty, Harvey, The American President, and Clueless are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	Sabrina
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, Harrison Ford, Greg Kinnear, Julia Ormond
3 I prefer Brendan Fraser movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Extraordinary Measures

1 I really liked Lawrence of Arabia, Fargo, The Truman Show, The Big Lebowski, American Beauty, Alien, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I rate Alfred Hitchcock movies. Any other suggestions?	Vertigo

1 I love New York Stories, Dead Again, Manhattan, Far from Heaven, The Royal Tenenbaums, Punch-Drunk Love, and Waiting for Guffman. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fingers
2 Who is that directed by?	James Toback
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Gran Torino

1 I love The Deer Hunter, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Almost Famous, Rocky, The Princess Bride, V for Vendetta, and Tombstone. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	In the Bedroom
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Todd Field
3 I like addiction movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Basketball Diaries

1 Blade Runner, Shadowlands, Eat Drink Man Woman, Much Ado About Nothing, The Secret Garden, Pulp Fiction, and Muriel's Wedding are films I love. I'm looking for a butler movie.	The Remains of the Day
2 What else is that about?	Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, Christopher Reeve, James Ivory, butler, housekeeper

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, In the Line of Fire, Speed, Just Cause, In the Name of the Father, and Die Hard are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Fugitive
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Davis
3 I rate Taylor Hackford movies. Any other suggestions?	Parker

1 Toy Story 2, Escape from New York, Independence Day, Escape to Witch Mountain, The Terminator, Halloween II, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ice Castles
2 What else is that about?	figure skating
3 I like australian movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bank

1 I love The Sixth Sense, The Sound of Music, Say Anything..., The Little Mermaid, Sense and Sensibility, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Big. I'm looking for a story movie.	The NeverEnding Story
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, story, Wolfgang Petersen, quest
3 I like peru movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aguirre, the Wrath of God

1 The Truman Show, Alien, No Country for Old Men, Psycho, Independence Day, The Silence of the Lambs, and Fight Club are movies I loved. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	Adam's Apples
2 Who is that directed by?	Anders Thomas Jensen
3 I rate André Bonzel movies. Any other suggestions?	Man Bites Dog

1 I liked Loser, Sleepless in Seattle, Ice Age, Stuart Little, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Galaxy Quest, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shipping News
2 Who is that directed by?	Lasse Hallström
3 I like Richard Wallace movies more. Do you know anything else?	Adventure in Baltimore

1 I loved Mr. Holland's Opus, White Squall, The River Wild, Sense and Sensibility, Two If by Sea, and Broken Arrow. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Flipper
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beau Travail

1 Braveheart, Dave, Much Ado About Nothing, Apollo 13, A Walk in the Clouds, Speed, and Jurassic Park are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Coneheads
2 What else is that about?	Dan Aykroyd, saturday night live, snl, Steve Barron
3 I prefer Oliver Reed movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Condorman

1 I really like The Negotiator, Fight Club, Little Miss Sunshine, The Life of David Gale, Casino Royale, Primal Fear, and The Departed. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I prefer Roland Emmerich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Patriot

1 Argo, Dawn of the Dead, Three Kings, Up in the Air, Slumdog Millionaire, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and Good Will Hunting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Tom Waits movie.	Seven Psychopaths
2 Who does that star?	Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell
3 I like Roberto Benigni movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Tiger and the Snow

1 The Natural, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Killing Fields, Eight Men Out, Traffic, Requiem for a Dream, and Grand Canyon are films I liked. I'm looking for a Willem Dafoe movie.	Shadow of the Vampire
2 What else is that about?	vampire, John Malkovich, Willem Dafoe, Udo Kier
3 I like William Gibson movies more. Do you know anything else?	New Rose Hotel

1 I really like Sense and Sensibility, True Romance, Fargo, Ed Wood, Taxi Driver, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Barcelona
2 What else is that about?	spain, Barcelona, Whit Stillman
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Double Dynamite

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Lion King, Unforgiven, Back to the Future, Gladiator, Titanic, and The Sixth Sense are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I prefer Julius Avery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Son of a Gun

1 I liked Four Weddings and a Funeral, Until the End of the World, The Wings of the Dove, Chasing Amy, Shadowlands, Sense and Sensibility, and The Remains of the Day. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Analyze This
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I rate Grant Heslov movies. Any other suggestions?	The Men Who Stare at Goats

1 The Wizard of Oz, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Alien, Annie Hall, It's a Wonderful Life, The Terminator, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I love. I'm looking for a kung fu movie.	Drunken Master
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, kung fu, Jackie Chan
3 I like Owen Wilson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shanghai Noon

1 The Usual Suspects, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Silence of the Lambs, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Top Gun, Dead Poets Society, and Full Metal Jacket are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Shawshank Redemption
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Morgan Freeman, dvd, acting, Prison, Stephen King, vhs, redemption, Tim Robbins, warm, Frank Darabont, Rita Hayworth
3 I like aids movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cure

1 The Player, Lone Star, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sting, Living in Oblivion, The Usual Suspects, and Goodfellas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Manhattan Murder Mystery
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Amy Heckerling movies more. Do you know anything else?	Look Who's Talking

1 Notorious, Annie Hall, Gone with the Wind, Suspicion, The Trouble with Harry, An Affair to Remember, and Ninotchka are movies I love. I'm looking for a Henry Hathaway movie.	Niagara
2 What else is that about?	Marilyn Monroe, Henry Hathaway
3 I rate Richard Basehart movies. Any other suggestions?	Fourteen Hours

1 Dead Poets Society, The Truman Show, Black Hawk Down, Braveheart, Frequency, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Secondhand Lions
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim McCanlies
3 I like Paddy Breathnach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blow Dry

1 Splendor in the Grass, Holiday Inn, The Exorcist, Laura, Hard Eight, Natural Born Killers, and Roman Holiday are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Hilary and Jackie
2 Who is that directed by?	Anand Tucker
3 I rate Bruce McDonald movies. Any other suggestions?	Highway 61

1 Schindler's List, The Client, The Shawshank Redemption, While You Were Sleeping, The Lion King, The Usual Suspects, and The Fugitive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Firm
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Hal Holbrook
3 I rate Michael J. Pollard movies. Any other suggestions?	Bonnie and Clyde

1 I love Run Lola Run, A Fish Called Wanda, Henry V, Michael Clayton, Alien, Mystic River, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for a hugo award movie.	Edward Scissorhands
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Johnny Depp, Family, Tim Burton, Winona Ryder, dark fantasy, Vincent Price, hugo award, Dianne Wiest, burton, depp
3 I rate comic book movies. Any other suggestions?	The Incredibles

1 Office Space, Ghostbusters, Payback, Pulp Fiction, Leaving Las Vegas, Groundhog Day, and Dogma are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Mel Gibson, series, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer martial arts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ip Man

1 Friday, The Book of Eli, National Lampoon's Vacation, A Time to Kill, Rocky, Hoop Dreams, and Remember the Titans are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a baseball movie.	The Sandlot
2 What else is that about?	own, baseball
3 I prefer John Lee Hancock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rookie

1 Vanya on 42nd Street, Crimson Tide, Aladdin, Lone Star, James and the Giant Peach, Fargo, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Quiz Show
2 What else is that about?	1950s, Ralph Fiennes, Robert Redford, John Turturro, Hank Azaria, Christopher McDonald, Paul Scofield, David Paymer
3 I like murder movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Time to Kill

1 Back to the Future, The Sixth Sense, Falling Down, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, Saw, and There's Something About Mary are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bedazzled
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Fraser, Elizabeth Hurley
3 I prefer Nick Chinlund movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Magoo

1 I really liked Bad Taste, Freaks, The Shining, The Idiots, The Birds, A Fish Called Wanda, and Dawn of the Dead. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Evil Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, cult film, own, Demons, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi, Possession, gory
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Saw II

1 Titanic, Gladiator, Sin City, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Patriot, and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World are films I love. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfonso Cuarón
3 I like Jon Favreau movies more. Do you know anything else?	Iron Man 2

1 Barefoot in the Park, Mary Poppins, Swiss Family Robinson, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Igby Goes Down, Little Voice, and Best in Show are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clockwatchers
2 Who does that star?	Toni Collette, Lisa Kudrow, Parker Posey, Alanna Ubach
3 I like Margaret Sullavan movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shop Around the Corner

1 Ghostbusters, A Grand Day Out, Lawrence of Arabia, The Untouchables, MASH, The Exorcist, and Fight Club are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sarah Polley, Timothy Olyphant, Katie Holmes, Doug Liman
3 I like High School movies more. Do you know anything else?	Teachers

1 Toy Story 2, The General's Daughter, Entrapment, The Out-of-Towners, Mission to Mars, Payback, and The Faculty are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Lewis Milestone movie.	Pork Chop Hill
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone

1 The Usual Suspects, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Schindler's List, and Rushmore are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I rate Alfred Hitchcock movies. Any other suggestions?	Champagne

1 Friday the 13th Part 2, The Evil Dead, Conan the Barbarian, Cabin Fever, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Bad Taste, and Alien are films I loved. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Freddy vs. Jason
2 What else is that about?	franchise, slasher, Robert Englund, Ronny Yu
3 I rate Amy Adams movies. Any other suggestions?	The Muppets

1 Reservoir Dogs, Cyrano de Bergerac, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, King Kong, Of Mice and Men, Fargo, and Dead Man Walking are films I like. I'm looking for a Luis Buñuel movie.	Los Olvidados
2 What else is that about?	Luis Buñuel
3 I rate criterion movies. Any other suggestions?	The Exterminating Angel

1 Circle of Friends, Cinema Paradiso, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, Jean de Florette, Forrest Gump, and A Room with a View are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Demi Moore movie.	Ghost
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Thriller, Whoopi Goldberg, Demi Moore, Patrick Swayze, Jerry Zucker
3 I like Michael Crichton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Disclosure

1 Amélie, Slumdog Millionaire, The Shawshank Redemption, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, A Scanner Darkly, Donnie Darko, and Juno are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I prefer Barbara Stanwyck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Baby Face

1 In the Name of the Father, The Sting, The Nightmare Before Christmas, District 9, My Left Foot, Pulp Fiction, and Thank You for Smoking are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tom Ford movie.	A Single Man
2 What else is that about?	gay, Colin Firth, professor, Tom Ford

1 Fargo, Black Hawk Down, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, L.A. Confidential, Mansfield Park, Citizen Kane, and Election are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Anthony Hopkins movie.	Titus
2 What else is that about?	shakespeare, Anthony Hopkins, Julie Taymor
3 I like Michael Caine movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Bridge Too Far

1 The Big Lebowski, High Fidelity, The Dreamlife of Angels, Elizabeth, and Clerks are movies I really like. I'm looking for a toronto movie.	Exotica
2 What else is that about?	canada, Atom Egoyan, toronto
3 I rate Jake Gyllenhaal movies. Any other suggestions?	Enemy

1 The Fifth Element, Grease, The Sound of Music, The Sixth Sense, Batman Returns, Pulp Fiction, and Batman Forever are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 Who does that star?	Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Anne Hathaway, Amanda Seyfried
3 I rate Harry Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	The Harry Hill Movie

1 Singin' in the Rain, Inherit the Wind, Monsters, Inc., Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Annie Hall, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a Taye Diggs movie.	Equilibrium
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, drugs, r, martial arts, Christian Bale, Emily Watson, Taye Diggs, Kurt Wimmer, feelings

1 I really like Brazil, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Blade Runner, Touch of Evil, Predator, Ben-Hur, and Angel Heart. I'm looking for an Ellen Burstyn movie.	The Exorcist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, scary, cult, Possession, exorcism, Priest, Max von Sydow, satan, gross, William Friedkin, Ellen Burstyn
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Requiem for a Dream

1 Good Will Hunting, The Peacemaker, The Saint, The River Wild, and Titanic are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Air Force One
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, Gary Oldman, president, Wolfgang Petersen, Glenn Close
3 I rate Samuel L. Jackson movies. Any other suggestions?	S.W.A.T.

1 I liked Apocalypse Now, The Silence of the Lambs, Porco Rosso, Starship Troopers, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, A Clockwork Orange, and Metropolis. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Conspiracy
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Jennifer Esposito
3 I prefer Randy Quaid movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breakout

1 Beerfest, Saw VI, Road Trip, Billy Madison, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Friday Night Lights, and Law Abiding Citizen are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Let's Go to Prison
2 Who does that star?	Will Arnett, Chi McBride, Dax Shepard
3 I like Robin Askwith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confessions of a Window Cleaner

1 American History X, Fight Club, The Lives of Others, Jean de Florette, Blade Runner, The Usual Suspects, and The Godfather are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Ninth Gate
2 What else is that about?	Roman Polanski, Devil
3 I like Rene Russo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ransom

1 Fight Club, American History X, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Schindler's List, A Beautiful Mind, Brazil, and City of God are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Funny Games
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, remake, torture, Naomi Watts, Tim Roth, Hostage, Michael Haneke, Michael Pitt
3 I rate Colin Hanks movies. Any other suggestions?	Untraceable

1 I love Say Anything..., American Beauty, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Goodfellas, Princess Mononoke, Schindler's List, and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. I'm looking for a Chocolate movie.	Chocolat
2 Who is that directed by?	Lasse Hallström
3 I rate Tim Burton movies. Any other suggestions?	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory

1 I like Boiler Room, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Final Destination. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Body Shots
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Cristofer

1 I watched the films Gladiator, Good Will Hunting, The Godfather, Cast Away, The Sixth Sense, The Game, and Fight Club and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Truman Show
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Laura Linney, Natascha McElhone, Noah Emmerich
3 I rate Jane Lynch movies. Any other suggestions?	Afternoon Delight

1 Juno, The Silence of the Lambs, Clerks, Little Shop of Horrors, Aladdin, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, national film registry, cult, Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry
3 I prefer Frank Sinatra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On the Town

1 I love Babe, Schindler's List, The Maltese Falcon, Shakespeare in Love, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for an united states movie.	Amistad
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, historical, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, united states
3 I like Jim Carrey movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Number 23

1 I watched the films Notorious, Pretty Woman, Ben-Hur, Highlander, Les Misérables, The King and I, and Men in Black and loved them. I'm looking for a Stuart Rosenberg movie.	The Amityville Horror
2 What else is that about?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I like Prison movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cool Hand Luke

1 Cool Hand Luke, Broadcast News, Moon, Brazil, Shaun of the Dead, The Game, and Radio Days are films I loved. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Green for Danger
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer Music movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Labyrinth

1 Independence Day, Clueless, Mighty Aphrodite, Broken Arrow, Get Shorty, Nick of Time, and Dangerous Minds are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Basketball Diaries
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Leonardo DiCaprio, addiction, Mark Wahlberg, basketball, heroin
3 I prefer Jack Lemmon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mister Roberts

1 Frequency, Jurassic Park, Primal Fear, X-Men, Powder, Enemy at the Gates, and Remember the Titans are films I love. I'm looking for a Ken Loach movie.	My Name Is Joe
2 What else is that about?	Ken Loach
3 I prefer Ermanno Olmi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tickets

1 I love Con Air, Happy Gilmore, Sabrina, Eye for an Eye, Fear, Multiplicity, and My Fellow Americans. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 Who is that directed by?	Renny Harlin
3 I prefer Tony Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Boy Scout

1 Apollo 13, 12 Angry Men, The Princess Bride, Blazing Saddles, Back to the Future, The Terminator, and The Fugitive are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Oldboy
2 Who does that star?	Josh Brolin, Sharlto Copley, Elizabeth Olsen
3 I prefer James Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's a Wonderful World

1 I really like Rear Window, Cruel Intentions, The Ice Storm, Old School, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Field of Dreams, and Ocean's Eleven. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harvey
2 Who is that directed by?	George Schaefer
3 I prefer Joe Johnston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jumanji

1 The Sound of Music, Shrek 2, How to Train Your Dragon, The Hunger Games, Swiss Family Robinson, The Princess Bride, and Spirited Away are movies I love. I'm looking for a disney animated feature movie.	Fantasia
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, disney animated feature, classical music, classical, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I rate John Musker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Mouse Detective

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Kramer vs. Kramer, Brazil, West Side Story, Die Hard, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Raging Bull
2 What else is that about?	sports, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, boxing, photography, Jealousy, Joe Pesci, scorsese, Cathy Moriarty, de niro
3 I prefer school movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Breakfast Club

1 Jane Eyre, My Fair Lady, Sense and Sensibility, Widows' Peak, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Sound of Music, and Raising Arizona are films I liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Capra
3 I prefer Mike Mitchell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Sky High

1 Hot Shots!, GoldenEye, Hellraiser, Goldfinger, The Usual Suspects, Happy Gilmore, and Wayne's World are films I liked. I'm looking for a Charlie Sheen movie.	Hot Shots! Part Deux
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Abrahams
3 I rate Deran Sarafian movies. Any other suggestions?	Terminal Velocity

1 Powder, True Lies, Assassins, Dr. No, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Dreamscape, and Eraser are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Magic movie.	Dragonslayer
2 Who is that directed by?	Matthew Robbins
3 I like Zach Helm movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium

1 I watched the films Spartacus, They Shoot Horses, Don't They?, The Candidate, Hoop Dreams, Breaking Away, The English Patient, and The Wings of the Dove and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Scandal
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I rate Thomas McCarthy movies. Any other suggestions?	Win Win

1 Mean Girls, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Illusionist, Saved!, Spider-Man, and Spider-Man 2 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tony Goldwyn movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I prefer Hilary Swank movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Conviction

1 The Matrix, For a Few Dollars More, The Sixth Sense, Lawrence of Arabia, American Beauty, The Birds, and Being John Malkovich are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mel Brooks movie.	The Producers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, remade, Mel Brooks, Broadway, Gene Wilder
3 I like remake movies more. Do you know anything else?	To Be or Not to Be

1 A Christmas Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Lawrence of Arabia, Cool Hand Luke, and Army of Darkness are films I loved. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, own, best picture, Alec Guinness, David Lean, William Holden, bridge
3 I rate spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Jaws

1 I love The Black Hole, Galaxy Quest, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Jingle All the Way, The Illusionist, Star Trek, and Romancing the Stone. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Journey to the Center of the Earth
2 Who is that directed by?	Rusty Lemorande
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I really liked Ed Wood, Being John Malkovich, Pleasantville, Thumbsucker, Capote, A Beautiful Mind, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Breakfast on Pluto
2 What else is that about?	r, London, ireland, transgender, Cillian Murphy, Neil Jordan
3 I prefer George Lucas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Radioland Murders

1 Tank Girl, Stuart Saves His Family, The Celluloid Closet, Fargo, Muriel's Wedding, Babe, and Jeffrey are films I like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Double Happiness
2 Who is that directed by?	Mina Shum

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Three Kings, High Noon, Men in Black, Bonnie and Clyde, The Closet, and The Matrix are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Carnal Knowledge
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I like John Guillermin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Guns at Batasi

1 I love Tombstone, Braveheart, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Net, Jurassic Park, Dances with Wolves, and Dave. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I.Q.
2 Who is that directed by?	Fred Schepisi
3 I like Alexander Payne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sideways

1 I liked The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Antonia's Line, Forrest Gump, and Widows' Peak. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Magic, Musical, soundtrack, Robin Williams, own, animated, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, Aladdin
3 I like John Travolta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bolt

1 Before Sunrise, High Fidelity, Munich, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Best of Youth, Buena Vista Social Club, and Rear Window are films I really liked. I'm looking for a black comedy movie.	Pulp Fiction
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta
3 I prefer John Forsythe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Trouble with Harry

1 I like Toy Story, The American President, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Ransom, The Usual Suspects, The Rock, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Ving Rhames movie.	Striptease
2 Who does that star?	Ving Rhames, Demi Moore, Burt Reynolds
3 I prefer Sarah Polley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dawn of the Dead

1 Blades of Glory, There's Something About Mary, Swingers, Old School, Goodfellas, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Reservoir Dogs are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 Who is that directed by?	Judd Apatow
3 I rate Barry Sonnenfeld movies. Any other suggestions?	Wild Wild West

1 I loved Good Will Hunting, Eat Drink Man Woman, Dead Man Walking, The Piano, Fargo, Dogma, and Delicatessen. I'm looking for an own movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, Crime, r, Kevin Spacey, own, los angeles, Benicio Del Toro, complex, Bryan Singer, Gabriel Byrne, Pete Postlethwaite, Kevin Pollak
3 I rate visual movies. Any other suggestions?	Sin City

1 I liked First Knight, Jumanji, The Silence of the Lambs, Dave, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Usual Suspects, and Heavy Metal. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Species
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Forest Whitaker, Alfred Molina, Michael Madsen
3 I rate David Edwin Knight movies. Any other suggestions?	Demons 2

1 The Shining, The Basketball Diaries, Blade, O, Double Indemnity, Vanilla Sky, and The Usual Suspects are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Limey
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Steven Soderbergh
3 I rate monologue movies. Any other suggestions?	Pulp Fiction

1 Being John Malkovich, Toy Story 2, The Straight Story, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Fight Club, Any Given Sunday, and The Insider are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Stuart Little
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, Family, Michael J. Fox, Hugh Laurie, Rob Minkoff
3 I prefer Andy Samberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 I love Blue in the Face, Crash, Forrest Gump, Goodfellas, Memento, Falling Down, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Forest Whitaker movie.	Smoke
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel
3 I like Forest Whitaker movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Crying Game

1 I really like Babe, Beauty and the Beast, The Piano, Philadelphia, Rudy, Jurassic Park, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clueless
2 Who does that star?	Paul Rudd, Brittany Murphy, Alicia Silverstone, Stacey Dash
3 I like Emilea Wilson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Time Freak

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Schindler's List, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Evil Dead II, Back to the Future, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Slither
2 Who is that directed by?	Howard Zieff
3 I rate James Ponsoldt movies. Any other suggestions?	The Spectacular Now

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, Little Miss Sunshine, The Green Mile, District 9, The Shawshank Redemption, Jurassic Park, and Independence Day and loved them. I'm looking for a Charlie Kaufman movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 What else is that about?	nonlinear, r, Jim Carrey, original, Love, Memory, romantic, Kirsten Dunst, Charlie Kaufman, Kate Winslet, strange, Elijah Wood, Mark Ruffalo, Michel Gondry, non-linear, David Cross, Tom Wilkinson, mind
3 I rate Julia Roberts movies. Any other suggestions?	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind

1 I like Army of Darkness, Toy Story 2, Platoon, The Last of the Mohicans, American Beauty, The Breakfast Club, and The Basketball Diaries. I'm looking for a muppets movie.	The Great Muppet Caper
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Henson
3 I prefer Brian Henson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Muppet Treasure Island

1 I really like North by Northwest, Schindler's List, Casablanca, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Highlander, Saving Private Ryan, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Thin Red Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Terrence Malick
3 I prefer Franco Zeffirelli movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tea with Mussolini

1 The Piano, Toy Story, Outbreak, Mighty Aphrodite, The Madness of King George, Tank Girl, and Dolores Claiborne are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Mask
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Amy Yasbeck, Peter Greene, Peter Riegert
3 I rate Cleavon Little movies. Any other suggestions?	Blazing Saddles

1 I really liked Chain Reaction, Fargo, Absolute Power, Toy Story, Metro, Screamers, and A Time to Kill. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Associate
2 Who does that star?	Dianne Wiest, Eli Wallach, Whoopi Goldberg

1 I liked Aliens, Burn After Reading, A Serious Man, Romeo + Juliet, The Prestige, Another Earth, and Memento. I'm looking for a r movie.	Hard Candy
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, torture, Ellen Page, David Slade
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gran Torino

1 I watched the films Heavenly Creatures, Sense and Sensibility, The Secret of Roan Inish, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, and Farinelli and loved them. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Browning Version
2 Who does that star?	Albert Finney

1 Where Eagles Dare, Gladiator, Enemy at the Gates, Inside Man, Spies Like Us, The Bourne Identity, and Thank You for Smoking are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Evolution
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I rate Dennis Dugan movies. Any other suggestions?	Grown Ups 2

1 Hot Fuzz, Death Proof, The Matrix, Ghostbusters, The Evil Dead, The Fifth Element, and Mysterious Skin are movies I really like. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Dreamers
2 Who is that directed by?	Bernardo Bertolucci
3 I rate Jacques Audiard movies. Any other suggestions?	The Beat That My Heart Skipped

1 I love Braveheart, Real Genius, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Reservoir Dogs, Ghost in the Shell, The Princess Bride, and Top Gun. I'm looking for a Pat O'Connor movie.	Circle of Friends
2 Who is that directed by?	Pat O'Connor

1 I like The Man Who Knew Too Little, Toy Story 2, Meet the Parents, Vertical Limit, Charlie's Angels, Big Daddy, and Sleepy Hollow. I'm looking for a Harland Williams movie.	Superstar
2 What else is that about?	Will Ferrell, saturday night live, Harland Williams, Molly Shannon
3 I like Angela Bassett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet the Robinsons

1 Reds, Rain Man, The Shawshank Redemption, The Last Emperor, Rounders, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and Reversal of Fortune are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Crucible
2 Who does that star?	Winona Ryder, Joan Allen, Paul Scofield
3 I like Rudy Ramos movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quicksilver

1 Flirting with Disaster, The Verdict, Fresh, The Grifters, Strictly Ballroom, The Blair Witch Project, and A Face in the Crowd are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Howard Hawks movie.	Ball of Fire
2 Who does that star?	Gary Cooper, Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Travers, Oskar Homolka
3 I like Rosalind Russell movies more. Do you know anything else?	His Girl Friday

1 Solaris, 8½, Bicycle Thieves, A Fistful of Dollars, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Victor Victoria, and Say Anything... are films I loved. I'm looking for a coming of age movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 Who is that directed by?	John Hughes
3 I rate Rob Reiner movies. Any other suggestions?	Stand by Me

1 The Remains of the Day, Fargo, Sleepless in Seattle, Much Ado About Nothing, The Usual Suspects, and Schindler's List are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sabrina
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer Dan Rosen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Freeloaders

1 Three Days of the Condor, Back to the Future Part II, No Way Out, Vertigo, Dances with Wolves, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, and Frequency are films I love. I'm looking for a John Wayne movie.	El Dorado
2 What else is that about?	John Wayne, Howard Hawks
3 I rate John Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	Fort Apache

1 Smoke Signals, From Russia with Love, Three Days of the Condor, The Maltese Falcon, Apocalypse Now, The Princess Bride, and L.A. Confidential are films I really like. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	To Live and Die in L.A.
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin

1 In the Mood for Love, Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors, Fanny and Alexander, Dead Man, Cinema Paradiso, City of God, and Edward Scissorhands are films I really like. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Macbeth
2 Who is that directed by?	Roman Polanski
3 I prefer Kenneth Branagh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Love's Labour's Lost

1 American Beauty, Sleepy Hollow, The Shining, Dune, Dogma, Arachnophobia, and Willow are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dog Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce McCulloch
3 I rate Gregg Araki movies. Any other suggestions?	Smiley Face

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Independence Day, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Bourne Identity
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Clive Owen, Franka Potente, Chris Cooper
3 I rate Mami Koyama movies. Any other suggestions?	Akira

1 Election, Toy Story 2, Being John Malkovich, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, Spirited Away, The Piano, and You Can Count on Me are films I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Edward Scissorhands
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I like Henry Winkler movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Smoky Mountain Christmas

1 I watched the films Jaws, Donnie Darko, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, Waking Life, Run Lola Run, and The Maltese Falcon and loved them. I'm looking for a New York movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I rate Woody Allen movies. Any other suggestions?	Manhattan

1 I really like The Age of Innocence, A Streetcar Named Desire, Sense and Sensibility, Aladdin, North by Northwest, When Harry Met Sally..., and Charade. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Only You
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Marisa Tomei, Bonnie Hunt
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Royal Tenenbaums

1 Lord of War, Rush Hour, Bad Boys, Independence Day, Beerfest, Fahrenheit 451, and Saints and Soldiers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Great Raid
2 Who is that directed by?	John Dahl
3 I prefer Peter Kassovitz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jakob the Liar

1 I loved The Skin I Live In, Dead Poets Society, Apollo 13, The Silence of the Lambs, Moulin Rouge!, Bandits, and Shine. I'm looking for a Trial movie.	The Reader
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, Kate Winslet, David Kross
3 I like Matthew McConaughey movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Time to Kill

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Galaxy Quest, and Three Kings are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Last Action Hero
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I prefer Nicholas Hytner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Object of My Affection

1 I love There's Something About Mary, U-571, The Dirty Dozen, Time Bandits, Escape from L.A., The NeverEnding Story, and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome. I'm looking for a Hunter S. Thompson movie.	Where the Buffalo Roam
2 What else is that about?	Hunter S. Thompson
3 I like puerto rico movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rum Diary

1 The Shining, Malcolm X, Schindler's List, and Love Story are films I love. I'm looking for a science movie.	Avatar
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, War, science fiction, Epic, science, 3d, technology, Sigourney Weaver, James Cameron, effects, visual, mining, Michelle Rodriguez, Sam Worthington, art direction, imax, natives, Giovanni Ribisi, eco, Zoe Saldana
3 I like pace movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gravity

1 I love Vanilla Sky, The Shawshank Redemption, Life Is Beautiful, Groundhog Day, Love Actually, Fight Club, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Science of Sleep
2 Who does that star?	Gael García Bernal, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Alain Chabat
3 I rate Eric Idle movies. Any other suggestions?	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen

1 Shadow of a Doubt, It's a Wonderful Life, Lawrence of Arabia, Roman Holiday, Stalag 17, Rear Window, and Notorious are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	In the Heat of the Night
2 What else is that about?	Police, detective, Sidney Poitier, Norman Jewison, Rod Steiger
3 I rate Thomas McCarthy movies. Any other suggestions?	Win Win

1 Gattaca, Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, The Matrix, The Shawshank Redemption, Memento, and Forrest Gump are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rocky
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sports, boxing, Sylvester Stallone, best picture, Carl Weathers, Philadelphia, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, Talia Shire, John G. Avildsen, stallone
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ladies They Talk About

1 Goldfinger, Of Mice and Men, The American President, Independence Day, Cast Away, Diamonds Are Forever, and Die Hard are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a fight movie.	Rocky II
2 What else is that about?	franchise, Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Burt Young, Burgess Meredith, Talia Shire, fight, stallone, tony burton, Rocky

1 Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Much Ado About Nothing, As Good as It Gets, Forrest Gump, Good Will Hunting, and Contact are films I liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Shakespeare in Love
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, r, british, shakespeare, Gwyneth Paltrow, Judi Dench, Romeo and Juliet, Joseph Fiennes, John Madden
3 I rate Don Coscarelli movies. Any other suggestions?	Bubba Ho-Tep

1 Exam, 12 Angry Men, Memento, The Game, A Few Good Men, Identity, and The Machinist are films I really like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Mindhunters
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I like Matthew McConaughey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Surfer, Dude

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Casablanca, Dark City, Stalag 17, No Way Out, The Third Man, and Invasion of the Body Snatchers are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Dead Zone
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Stephen King, Christopher Walken, David Cronenberg, Herbert Lom, cronenberg
3 I prefer James Wong movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Final Destination 3

1 The Nutty Professor, The Return of the Pink Panther, Sister Act, The Fifth Element, The Blues Brothers, Splash, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	Good Morning, Vietnam
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I like Les Mayfield movies more. Do you know anything else?	Flubber

1 It's a Wonderful Life, The Truman Show, Wonder Boys, Fight Club, Office Space, Buffalo '66, and Dog Day Afternoon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Glory
2 Who is that directed by?	Edward Zwick
3 I prefer Peter Glenville movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Me and the Colonel

1 Waiting for Guffman, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, The Conversation, It Happened One Night, Groundhog Day, Flirting with Disaster, and Lars and the Real Girl are movies I love. I'm looking for a court movie.	Breaker Morant
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Australia, australian, court, Bruce Beresford
3 I like Paul Newman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Verdict

1 The African Queen, My Fair Lady, Top Hat, Beauty and the Beast, October Sky, Shakespeare in Love, and Holiday Inn are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Adventures of Robin Hood
2 What else is that about?	swashbuckler, Michael Curtiz, Robin Hood, Errol Flynn, William Keighley, Olivia de Havilland, Outlaw
3 I like south america movies more. Do you know anything else?	Up

1 The Manchurian Candidate, The Mighty, The Sting, Dr. No, Young Frankenstein, Out of Sight, and Full Metal Jacket are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Detail
2 What else is that about?	Jack Nicholson, Hal Ashby
3 I prefer John Ford movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Four Sons

1 I like Buena Vista Social Club, Roman Holiday, Annie Hall, Angela's Ashes, Sleeper, Cinema Paradiso, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Cedric the Entertainer movie.	Barbershop
2 Who does that star?	Ice Cube, Anthony Anderson, Cedric the Entertainer
3 I prefer Mike Epps movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Honeymooners

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Super Size Me, Cliffhanger, The Piano, Entrapment, Poltergeist, and Cast Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Renny Harlin movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 Who is that directed by?	Renny Harlin

1 I watched the films A Clockwork Orange, The Shawshank Redemption, Stealing Beauty, Days of Heaven, Bound, Alien, and Once Upon a Time in America and loved them. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The New Age
2 Who does that star?	Judy Davis, Peter Weller
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I like The Matrix, Gosford Park, The Wizard of Oz, Pulp Fiction, Howl's Moving Castle, The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, and The Seventh Seal. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Oldboy
2 What else is that about?	remake, Spike Lee
3 I like Sean Connery movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Presidio

1 Beauty and the Beast, American History X, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, Schindler's List, The Truman Show, Pan's Labyrinth, and Gattaca are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Equilibrium
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, drugs, r, martial arts, Christian Bale, Emily Watson, Taye Diggs, Kurt Wimmer, feelings
3 I like Michael Jai White movies more. Do you know anything else?	Black Dynamite

1 I loved Muriel's Wedding, Saving Private Ryan, Breakfast at Tiffany's, A Time to Kill, A Few Good Men, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	An Affair to Remember
2 What else is that about?	Cary Grant, Leo McCarey, Deborah Kerr
3 I rate Ingrid Bergman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bells of St. Mary's

1 Airplane!, The Big Lebowski, Heathers, While You Were Sleeping, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, The Game, and Taxi Driver are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Odd Couple
2 What else is that about?	Jack Lemmon, Neil Simon, Gene Saks
3 I rate muppets movies. Any other suggestions?	Muppets from Space

1 True Lies, The Player, Angel Eyes, Black Hawk Down, Pulp Fiction, Chungking Express, and The Dirty Dozen are films I loved. I'm looking for a History movie.	Kagemusha
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa
3 I prefer Justin Chadwick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Other Boleyn Girl

1 A Room with a View, Top Hat, Apollo 13, Rear Window, Red Rock West, Roman Holiday, and North by Northwest are movies I really like. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Mother Night
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, kurt vonnegut
3 I rate Samuel Fuller movies. Any other suggestions?	The Big Red One

1 The Godfather, The Great Escape, M, Singin' in the Rain, The Maltese Falcon, Blue Velvet, and Lost in Translation are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Conversation
2 What else is that about?	psychological, Harrison Ford, library, national film registry, Gene Hackman, Francis Ford Coppola
3 I rate los angeles movies. Any other suggestions?	Mulholland Drive

1 Training Day, The Birds, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Psycho are movies I like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Pagemaster
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston, Pixote Hunt
3 I rate Cordell Barker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cat Came Back

1 Pulp Fiction, In Bruges, Lost in Translation, Lord of War, The Big Lebowski, Moonrise Kingdom, and The Matrix are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sofia Coppola movie.	Somewhere
2 What else is that about?	Sofia Coppola, Elle Fanning
3 I like Bill Murray movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lost in Translation

1 Fargo, Cemetery Man, The Remains of the Day, Bonnie and Clyde, Mighty Aphrodite, Much Ado About Nothing, and In the Line of Fire are films I like. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Hoop Dreams
2 What else is that about?	High School, Documentary, school, basketball, Chicago, Steve James
3 I rate punk rock movies. Any other suggestions?	The Decline of Western Civilization

1 I like Annie Hall and 12 Angry Men. I'm looking for a neorealism movie.	Bicycle Thieves
2 Who does that star?	Enzo Staiola, Lamberto Maggiorani

1 I loved Back to the Future Part III, Memento, North by Northwest, Babe, Monsters, Inc., Chocolat, and The Untouchables. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Three Days of the Condor
2 Who does that star?	Max von Sydow, Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, Cliff Robertson
3 I like Maggie Gyllenhaal movies more. Do you know anything else?	White House Down

1 I really liked Arsenic and Old Lace, All About Eve, It's a Wonderful Life, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, His Girl Friday, In the Heat of the Night, and Driving Miss Daisy. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Lodger
2 Who does that star?	George Sanders, Cedric Hardwicke, Merle Oberon, Laird Cregar
3 I prefer Donald Sutherland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Best Offer

1 Brazil, The Terminator, All About Eve, Circle of Friends, Sabrina, Rebecca, and Shadowlands are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a painter movie.	Carrington
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Hampton
3 I prefer Peter Watkins movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Edvard Munch

1 Total Recall, The Butterfly Effect, Star Trek, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Shaun of the Dead, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Watchmen
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, r, story, plot, characters, cold war, superheroes, nuclear war, adaptation, alternate history, comics, Zack Snyder, Alan Moore, graphic novel, Matthew Goode, Billy Crudup, Jackie Earle Haley, Patrick Wilson, imax, length, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, ugh
3 I like Al Pacino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dick Tracy

1 I really like Belle de Jour, Bad Education, Schindler's List, Kids, The Exorcist, Far from Heaven, and The Lion in Winter. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Psycho Beach Party
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Lee King
3 I prefer Michele Soavi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cemetery Man

1 Donnie Darko, Waking Life, The Shawshank Redemption, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Memento, Taxi Driver, and A Bronx Tale are films I liked. I'm looking for a road movie movie.	Easy Rider
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Hopper, Peter Fonda
3 I prefer Julia Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mexican

1 The Terminator, Fight Club, Unforgiven, The Hudsucker Proxy, Menace II Society, The Princess Bride, and Braveheart are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Paper
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I prefer Nigel Cole movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Calendar Girls

1 Conspiracy Theory, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Matrix, Zero Effect, Shakespeare in Love, Rob Roy, and Natural Born Killers are movies I liked. I'm looking for an alaska movie.	Mystery, Alaska
2 What else is that about?	alaska
3 I like Vampires movies more. Do you know anything else?	30 Days of Night

1 Shall We Dance?, The Shawshank Redemption, The Sound of Music, Whale Rider, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Chariots of Fire, and Hamlet are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Music Man
2 Who does that star?	Shirley Jones, Robert Preston
3 I prefer James Coco movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man of La Mancha

1 Underground, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Matrix, The Doors, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Excalibur, and Finding Nemo are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Arizona Dream
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Johnny Depp, Emir Kusturica, Faye Dunaway, Arizona
3 I rate Edward Norton movies. Any other suggestions?	Everyone Says I Love You

1 I loved Schindler's List and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Craig Ferguson movie.	Saving Grace
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, british comedy, Craig Ferguson
3 I rate Dean DeBlois movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Train Your Dragon 2

1 I really liked American Beauty, Planet of the Apes, Goodfellas, Psycho, The Hunt for Red October, The Conversation, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Deer Hunter
2 What else is that about?	War, Robert De Niro, vietnam war, Meryl Streep, Christopher Walken, vietnam, best picture, Russian Roulette, Michael Cimino
3 I prefer Roman Polanski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Carnage

1 Independence Day, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Young Frankenstein, The Princess Bride, Babe, Beauty and the Beast, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like Keenen Ivory Wayans movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Low Down Dirty Shame

1 Rain Man, American Beauty, A Beautiful Mind, Ocean's Eleven, V for Vendetta, Some Like It Hot, and The Boondock Saints are films I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	As It Is in Heaven
2 Who does that star?	Michael Nyqvist, Frida Hallgren

1 I liked The Ref, Forrest Gump, Flirting with Disaster, Sleepless in Seattle, Muriel's Wedding, A Bronx Tale, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jumanji
2 Who is that directed by?	Joe Johnston
3 I like Robert Stevenson movies more. Do you know anything else?	In Search of the Castaways

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Braveheart, The Lion King, Rob Roy, The Usual Suspects, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a War movie.	Independence Day
2 What else is that about?	Aliens, War, story, Will Smith, alien invasion, script, Alien, disaster, Jeff Goldblum, Roland Emmerich, invasion, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell, Randy Quaid, e.t.
3 I prefer Busby Berkeley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	For Me and My Gal

1 I really like American History X, The Patriot, The Count of Monte Cristo, The Shawshank Redemption, Saving Private Ryan, I Love You, Man, and A Beautiful Mind. I'm looking for a Willem Dafoe movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 What else is that about?	Crime, mafia, Vigilante, Willem Dafoe, Brothers, Twins, boston, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus
3 I rate Woody Harrelson movies. Any other suggestions?	Out of the Furnace

1 The Wings of the Dove, L.A. Confidential, Waiting for Guffman, Annie Hall, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, All About My Mother, and Princess Mononoke are films I like. I'm looking for a Michael Moore movie.	The Big One
2 What else is that about?	Michael Moore
3 I prefer violence movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bowling for Columbine

1 Gone Baby Gone, Pulp Fiction, 21, The Social Network, The Shawshank Redemption, The Constant Gardener, and The Conspirator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I like Xavier Dolan movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Killed My Mother

1 Starman, Strangers on a Train, The Great Escape, Chinatown, When Harry Met Sally..., Good Will Hunting, and Holiday Inn are films I like. I'm looking for a Lou Diamond Phillips movie.	La Bamba
2 What else is that about?	Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I prefer Kiefer Sutherland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Young Guns

1 I loved La Femme Nikita, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, Rear Window, Die Hard, and Elizabeth. I'm looking for a historical movie.	Restoration
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Hoffman
3 I like Ron Howard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Frost/Nixon

1 Citizen Kane, Devil in a Blue Dress, Casino, The Blue Angel, Murder, My Sweet, Picnic, and The Ghost and the Darkness are films I loved. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Wild Bunch
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, library, national film registry, Western, Sam Peckinpah, William Holden, Ernest Borgnine
3 I like Ed Harris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Appaloosa

1 I liked Face/Off, The Shawshank Redemption, Back to the Future, The Fifth Element, Saving Private Ryan, The Big Lebowski, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for an Emma Thompson movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, ira, Jim Sheridan, Pete Postlethwaite
3 I prefer Kenneth Branagh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead Again

1 Plan 9 from Outer Space, A Nightmare on Elm Street, The Terminator, The Thing, Terms of Endearment, Agnes of God, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rob Cohen movie.	Daylight
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, Viggo Mortensen, Dan Hedaya, Amy Brenneman
3 I prefer Tyler Perry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alex Cross

1 The Incredibles, Sabrina, Alice in Wonderland, Cinderella, The Lion King, Old School, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Eagle vs Shark
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I prefer William Wyler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	How to Steal a Million

1 The Hidden Fortress, Mean Streets, Until the End of the World, The Killer, Duck Soup, Citizen Ruth, and Double Indemnity are films I love. I'm looking for a Wim Wenders movie.	Faraway, So Close!
2 What else is that about?	Wim Wenders

1 I liked Fight Club, What Lies Beneath, U-571, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Bone Collector, Finding Forrester, and American Pie. I'm looking for a Taye Diggs movie.	The Wood
2 Who is that directed by?	Rick Famuyiwa
3 I prefer Kurt Wimmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Equilibrium

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Casablanca, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Donnie Darko, Sin City, Gladiator, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are films I like. I'm looking for a pregnancy movie.	Juno
2 Who is that directed by?	Jason Reitman
3 I prefer Judd Apatow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Knocked Up

1 Aladdin, Solaris, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Life Is Beautiful, Anatomy of a Murder, Mad Max, and Nurse Betty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Gérard Depardieu movie.	Camille Claudel
2 Who does that star?	Gérard Depardieu, Isabelle Adjani
3 I prefer Isabelle Huppert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Loulou

1 The English Patient, The Color Purple, Forrest Gump, The Last Emperor, The Shawshank Redemption, Tootsie, and Out of Africa are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All the King's Men
2 What else is that about?	remake, Jude Law, Anthony Hopkins, Kate Winslet, louisiana, Steven Zaillian
3 I rate national film registry movies. Any other suggestions?	Do the Right Thing

1 I like Wayne's World, Shrek, Uncle Buck, The Pledge, Traffic, The Shining, and A Few Good Men. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Throw Momma from the Train
2 Who is that directed by?	Danny DeVito
3 I rate Reb Braddock movies. Any other suggestions?	Curdled

1 I really liked Mrs. Doubtfire, Jurassic Park, Pretty Woman, Ghost, Dead Man Walking, Beauty and the Beast, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Waiting to Exhale
2 Who is that directed by?	Forest Whitaker
3 I rate Ken Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Delivery Man

1 You've Got Mail, Talk to Her, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, American Beauty, Erin Brockovich, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and Shakespeare in Love are films I liked. I'm looking for a Claude Berri movie.	Jean de Florette
2 What else is that about?	French, Gérard Depardieu, Claude Berri

1 I love The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, A Cinderella Story, Just Go with It, Mulan, Armageddon, The Cell, and A Bug's Life. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mr. Deeds
2 What else is that about?	remake, Adam Sandler, Winona Ryder, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro, Steven Brill, Peter Gallagher
3 I like Neil Simon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Plaza Suite

1 You've Got Mail, Contact, Pretty Woman, Sister Act, Life Is Beautiful, As Good as It Gets, and Never Been Kissed are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand and Deliver
2 What else is that about?	True Story, High School, teacher, Edward James Olmos
3 I rate Albert Lewin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Picture of Dorian Gray

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jaws, Top Gun, The Mask of Zorro, The Sound of Music, Runaway Bride, and Blade Runner are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	Labyrinth

1 Notorious, Laura, All the King's Men, To Have and Have Not, My Left Foot, The Full Monty, and L.A. Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Beautiful Laundrette
2 What else is that about?	r, racism, homosexuality, London, Stephen Frears
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lizard

1 I liked The Usual Suspects, The Sixth Sense, Raiders of the Lost Ark, American Beauty, The Godfather, Forrest Gump, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Come September
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rules of the Game

1 American Beauty, Braveheart, Pineapple Express, No Country for Old Men, The Big Lebowski, The Departed, and Goodfellas are films I liked. I'm looking for a Sam Rockwell movie.	Seven Psychopaths
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Woody Harrelson, Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Tom Waits, Abbie Cornish, psychopaths, Martin McDonagh
3 I rate friendship movies. Any other suggestions?	Lawn Dogs

1 Once Were Warriors, The Killing Fields, Goodfellas, Midnight Cowboy, Ordinary People, All That Jazz, and Belle de Jour are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Mina Tannenbaum
2 Who does that star?	Romane Bohringer, Elsa Zylberstein

1 Notorious, The Godfather, Sense and Sensibility, On the Waterfront, Das Boot, Pulp Fiction, and The Graduate are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	From Here to Eternity
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fred Zinnemann, Frank Sinatra, Burt Lancaster
3 I like Telly Savalas movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dirty Dozen

1 I liked Annie Hall, Bend It Like Beckham, Spy Game, Life Is Beautiful, The Mummy, The Patriot, and About Schmidt. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rush Hour
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Crime, martial arts, Police, Jackie Chan, hong kong, Chris Tucker, Brett Ratner
3 I like John Waters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cry-Baby

1 I liked Hamlet, Con Air, The Truman Show, Mad Max, Men in Black, In the Line of Fire, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Sidney Poitier movie.	The Jackal
2 What else is that about?	remake, Bruce Willis, assassin, Sidney Poitier
3 I rate cold war movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bedford Incident

1 Pulp Fiction, Memento, The Matrix, Top Gun, The Shawshank Redemption, Jerry Maguire, and Big are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Douglas movie.	Wall Street
2 What else is that about?	Michael Douglas, Oliver Stone, Greed, Charlie Sheen, Martin Sheen, Daryl Hannah
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Game

1 Yojimbo, Corpse Bride, Throne of Blood, The Lady Vanishes, Die Hard, Edward Scissorhands, and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Bamboozled
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee

1 Punch-Drunk Love, Notorious, The Graduate, Touch of Evil, L.A. Confidential, An American in Paris, and 8 Mile are films I really like. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	The Color of Money
2 What else is that about?	Tom Cruise, Martin Scorsese, Paul Newman, pool
3 I like Robert Altman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quintet

1 I really like Traffic, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Say Anything..., Schindler's List, Cast Away, Ruthless People, and The Return of the Pink Panther. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Lord of the Rings
2 Who is that directed by?	Ralph Bakshi
3 I like Nick Park movies more. Do you know anything else?	Chicken Run

1 The Blues Brothers, The Godfather, Top Gun, Excalibur, Waydowntown, Hellboy, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Fist of Legend
2 What else is that about?	remake, martial arts, Jet Li
3 I like Dirty Harry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Magnum Force

1 I love The Hours, Jurassic Park, High Fidelity, The Princess Bride, A Close Shave, The Birdcage, and The Prince of Egypt. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad
2 What else is that about?	disney
3 I like pixar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ratatouille

1 I really like The Avengers, Tangled, Skyfall, Star Trek, Hot Fuzz, Good Will Hunting, and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. I'm looking for a Rob Epstein movie.	Howl
2 Who does that star?	James Franco
3 I prefer Harvey Fierstein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Times of Harvey Milk

1 Clerks, Reservoir Dogs, Ocean's Eleven, City of God, Monsters, Inc., The Wizard of Oz, and L.A. Confidential are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate Scott Hicks movies. Any other suggestions?	No Reservations

1 I really liked The Best of Youth, Nosferatu, Slumdog Millionaire, American Beauty, The Lives of Others, Babel, and Metropolis. I'm looking for a Franz Kafka movie.	The Trial
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Orson Welles, Anthony Perkins, Franz Kafka
3 I like Jeremy Irons movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kafka

1 Drive, City of God, Her, Pulp Fiction, Gravity, Spirited Away, and Grave of the Fireflies are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Wolf of Wall Street
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Matthew McConaughey, Jonah Hill, Margot Robbie
3 I rate Eddie Griffin movies. Any other suggestions?	Foolish

1 The Reader, Silent Hill, Game Change, The Old Man and the Sea, Gone with the Wind, Citizen Kane, and Hancock are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Mamma Mia!
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Meryl Streep, Colin Firth, Broadway, Pierce Brosnan, Amanda Seyfried, single mother, abba
3 I like Gene Kelly movies more. Do you know anything else?	Les Girls

1 I liked M, Barton Fink, Take the Money and Run, All Quiet on the Western Front, Dead Man, Sanjuro, and The Magic Flute. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Eel
2 Who does that star?	Akira Emoto, Misa Shimizu
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Grosse Pointe Blank, American Pie, Bull Durham, Braveheart, Back to the Future, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Dragon movie.	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2 What else is that about?	Action, cinematography, martial arts, china, Dragon, wuxia, Ang Lee, Michelle Yeoh
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Dragonquest

1 I really like Aliens, Lone Star, Life Is Beautiful, Touch of Evil, Heat, Rushmore, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apocalypse Now
2 What else is that about?	dark, Drama, War, national film registry, Epic, vietnam war, vietnam, Marlon Brando, Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Joseph Conrad, heart of darkness
3 I like Mike Leigh movies more. Do you know anything else?	High Hopes

1 I liked The Matrix, Watchmen, Star Trek, Serenity, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Truman Show, and Iron Man. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	District 9
2 Who is that directed by?	Neill Blomkamp
3 I prefer Fernando Meirelles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Constant Gardener

1 I really like Citizen Kane, Forrest Gump, Raging Bull, The Silence of the Lambs, The Graduate, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Jack Lemmon movie.	Some Like It Hot
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Billy Wilder, Jack Lemmon, Marilyn Monroe, Tony Curtis
3 I like James Garner movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Fellow Americans

1 I really like A Beautiful Mind, Billy Madison, Finding Forrester, A Bug's Life, Memento, Fletch, and Blazing Saddles. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Trading Places
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, Denholm Elliott
3 I rate Walter Matthau movies. Any other suggestions?	Hopscotch

1 Saving Private Ryan, Das Boot, Casablanca, Fargo, Schindler's List, Life Is Beautiful, and A River Runs Through It are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	To Kill a Mockingbird
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Mulligan
3 I prefer Fritz Lang movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	You Only Live Once

1 I liked Fargo, Blade Runner, Say Anything..., Schindler's List, Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Ordinary People
2 What else is that about?	Family, Robert Redford, Donald Sutherland, Mary Tyler Moore, Timothy Hutton
3 I like Laura Linney movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Nanny Diaries

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Say Anything..., Babe, The Sixth Sense, Hoop Dreams, L.A. Confidential, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I like Edgar G. Ulmer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Carnegie Hall

1 Apollo 13, Jurassic Park, Ghost, While You Were Sleeping, Babe, Dances with Wolves, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Lion King
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Minkoff, Roger Allers
3 I prefer John Huston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Would Be King

1 I really liked Love and Death, The Incredibles, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, A Short Film About Killing, Soylent Green, Farewell My Concubine, and Raise the Red Lantern. I'm looking for a r movie.	Downfall
2 What else is that about?	War, r, germany, German, berlin, foreign, Adolf Hitler, nazi germany, hitler, Oliver Hirschbiegel
3 I like poverty movies more. Do you know anything else?	Winter's Bone

1 Dangerous Liaisons, Mary and Max, The Sixth Sense, Little Big Man, Life Is Beautiful, Django Unchained, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for an iran movie.	A Separation
2 What else is that about?	iran, foreign language, alzheimer's disease, Asghar Farhadi
3 I prefer Majid Majidi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Color of Paradise

1 I really liked Cinderella Man and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a Stephen Daldry movie.	The Reader
2 What else is that about?	r, holocaust, Kate Winslet, germany, Ralph Fiennes, Trial, Stephen Daldry
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hours

1 I watched the films 50 First Dates, Super Troopers, Crazy/Beautiful, Twilight, Mad Love, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, and Welcome to the Dollhouse and loved them. I'm looking for a Stephen Herek movie.	Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead
2 Who does that star?	Christina Applegate, Josh Charles, Joanna Cassidy
3 I prefer Eddie Murphy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Holy Man

1 I like Jerry Maguire, Rumble in the Bronx, Fargo, Mr. Holland's Opus, Natural Born Killers, Demolition Man, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	Batman Forever
2 Who does that star?	Jim Carrey, Tommy Lee Jones, Nicole Kidman, Val Kilmer
3 I prefer Alan Arkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rocketeer

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, Fight Club, Raise the Red Lantern, The Saint, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Philadelphia, and Friday and loved them. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, wedding, Greek, Nia Vardalos
3 I prefer Debra Messing movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Date

1 On the Waterfront, The Apartment, Raging Bull, Annie Hall, Apocalypse Now, Citizen Kane, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Last Tango in Paris
2 Who does that star?	Marlon Brando, Maria Schneider
3 I rate Sandra Bullock movies. Any other suggestions?	Crash

1 The Godfather and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Gaslight

1 I love The Salton Sea, Braveheart, Bull Durham, The Thing, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Fearless, and Excalibur. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller
3 I prefer Peter Berg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Kingdom

1 I watched the films Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Unforgiven, The Secret of NIMH, The Ice Storm, Beetlejuice, The Grifters, and The Monster and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Citizen Ruth
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, abortion, Alexander Payne
3 I prefer Ingmar Bergman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Smiles of a Summer Night

1 A Close Shave, The Godfather, Sense and Sensibility, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I prefer Yash Chopra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Deewaar

1 North by Northwest, The Manchurian Candidate, Hoop Dreams, A Clockwork Orange, M, Alien, and Raging Bull are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sergio Leone movie.	Once Upon a Time in America
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Back to the Future Part III, The Count of Monte Cristo, The Crow, The Terminator, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, and Highlander are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Antonio Banderas movie.	The 13th Warrior
2 What else is that about?	Antonio Banderas, Michael Crichton
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	Evita

1 Persuasion, The Fugitive, Sense and Sensibility, and The Remains of the Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I rate Chuck Russell movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mask

1 Army of Darkness, Back to the Future Part III, Sneakers, The Lion King, Men in Black, Princess Mononoke, and Galaxy Quest are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Goofy Movie
2 What else is that about?	disney, goofy, Kevin Lima
3 I prefer Kirsten Dunst movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drop Dead Gorgeous

1 I really like A Face in the Crowd, The African Queen, The Terminator, Rocky, Seven Samurai, Dead Man, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a War movie.	Ran
2 Who does that star?	Tatsuya Nakadai
3 I like Paul Newman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rack

1 Braveheart, Top Hat, The Godfather, Lawrence of Arabia, The Shawshank Redemption, The Princess Bride, and Gone with the Wind are films I loved. I'm looking for a Romantic Comedy movie.	The Shop Around the Corner
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Romantic Comedy, James Stewart, Ernst Lubitsch
3 I rate Piper Perabo movies. Any other suggestions?	Coyote Ugly

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Untouchables, The Matrix, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, In the Line of Fire, Gladiator, and The Bourne Identity are films I really liked. I'm looking for a River Phoenix movie.	Sneakers
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, Ben Kingsley, caper, Dan Aykroyd, Sidney Poitier, River Phoenix, David Strathairn, Mary McDonnell, Phil Alden Robinson
3 I like Harrison Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade

1 I love The Rock, Apocalypse Now, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Shining, The City of Lost Children, City of God, and Shine. I'm looking for a War movie.	Stalingrad
2 Who is that directed by?	Fedor Bondarchuk
3 I like Nikolai Müllerschön movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Red Baron

1 I liked Gone with the Wind, Chicken Run, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Brenda Blethyn movie.	A River Runs Through It
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, Brad Pitt, Robert Redford, Montana, Brenda Blethyn

1 Black Swan, The Dark Knight, The Usual Suspects, Reservoir Dogs, Fight Club, V for Vendetta, and Requiem for a Dream are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clue
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lloyd, Tim Curry, Madeline Kahn, Eileen Brennan
3 I like Chris Nash movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mischief

1 Shall We Dance?, All That Jazz, Alice in Wonderland, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Grapes of Wrath, The Pope of Greenwich Village, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Bridge on the River Kwai
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, own, best picture, Alec Guinness, David Lean, William Holden, bridge
3 I like Frank Capra movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bitter Tea of General Yen

1 I watched the films Pollock, Taxi Driver, The Sixth Sense, Shall We Dance?, Sleuth, Hope and Glory, and My Left Foot and loved them. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Flirting
2 Who is that directed by?	John Duigan
3 I prefer Jeannot Szwarc movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Somewhere in Time

1 I really like Say Anything... and The Red Violin. I'm looking for a wedding movie.	Wedding Crashers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Will Ferrell, Owen Wilson, Christopher Walken, wedding, Vince Vaughn, David Dobkin
3 I like Nia Vardalos movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Big Fat Greek Wedding

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Fugitive, Dave, and Apollo 13 are films I really like. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, ira, Jim Sheridan, Pete Postlethwaite
3 I rate Biography movies. Any other suggestions?	Yves Saint Laurent

1 Dune, Akira, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Aliens, X-Men, American Beauty, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I loved. I'm looking for a gonzo movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, criterion, Johnny Depp, dvd, journalism, own, 1960s, Terry Gilliam, Benicio Del Toro, Hunter S. Thompson, gilliam, gonzo, gonzo journalism

1 I liked The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Beauty and the Beast, Hoop Dreams, The Wrong Trousers, Fargo, Ed Wood, and I Shot Andy Warhol. I'm looking for an Ian McKellen movie.	Cold Comfort Farm
2 What else is that about?	Ian McKellen, John Schlesinger
3 I like Bill Condon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gods and Monsters

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Being John Malkovich, The Princess Bride, Edward Scissorhands, The Big Lebowski, Annie Hall, and Rain Man are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Prison, national film registry, Paul Newman, George Kennedy, Stuart Rosenberg
3 I prefer Robert Benton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nobody's Fool

1 I liked Do the Right Thing, The Game, Seven Samurai, The Usual Suspects, Blue Velvet, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, and Mystery Train. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Dream with the Fishes
2 Who is that directed by?	Finn Taylor

1 Reservoir Dogs, Zombieland, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Donnie Darko, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Delicatessen are films I loved. I'm looking for a time movie.	Timecrimes
2 Who does that star?	Nacho Vigalondo
3 I like Lea Thompson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Back to the Future

1 I loved Weekend at Bernie's, Oldboy, The Insider, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints, I Am Legend, and Before Sunrise. I'm looking for a Casey Affleck movie.	Gone Baby Gone
2 Who is that directed by?	Ben Affleck
3 I like Casey Affleck movies more. Do you know anything else?	I'm Still Here

1 I watched the films The Little Mermaid, The Manchurian Candidate, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Beauty and the Beast, Cinderella, The Parent Trap, and Licence to Kill and loved them. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	The World Is Not Enough
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Apted
3 I prefer John Woo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Killer

1 I like The River Wild, The Firm, True Lies, Pulp Fiction, In the Line of Fire, The Client, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Don Juan DeMarco
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Johnny Depp
3 I rate original movies. Any other suggestions?	The Girl Who Leapt Through Time

1 In the Heat of the Night, Big Night, Dead Poets Society, Back to the Future, For Love of the Game, Passion Fish, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I like. I'm looking for a Brittany Murphy movie.	Girl, Interrupted
2 Who does that star?	Angelina Jolie, Winona Ryder, Brittany Murphy
3 I prefer Marley Shelton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Uptown Girls

1 I like A Clockwork Orange, The Shining, The Big Lebowski, Army of Darkness, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lost in Translation
2 What else is that about?	r, Bill Murray, Scarlett Johansson, tokyo, Anna Faris, Sofia Coppola, Giovanni Ribisi
3 I rate Election movies. Any other suggestions?	Game Change

1 I love Apocalypse Now, Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, A Clockwork Orange, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Four Rooms
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, tarantino, Hotel, Tim Roth, Allison Anders
3 I rate vampire movies. Any other suggestions?	Dark Shadows

1 The Wedding Singer, Bio-Dome, Happy Gilmore, Sin City, Clerks, The Princess Bride, and Big Daddy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a historical movie.	300
2 What else is that about?	comic book, War, r, historical, Epic, Gerard Butler, visual, Frank Miller, Zack Snyder, graphic novel, comic, queen, king, thermopylae
3 I prefer poland movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Pianist

1 I liked The Wedding Singer, The Godfather, Some Like It Hot, To Kill a Mockingbird, Fatal Attraction, My Best Friend's Wedding, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Zoolander
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, fashion
3 I prefer Dolly Parton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Joyful Noise

1 I really liked The Breakfast Club, American History X, Home Alone, Bambi, Stand by Me, When Harry Met Sally..., and Life Is Beautiful. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	You Can Count on Me
2 Who is that directed by?	Kenneth Lonergan
3 I like Arthur Lubin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Impact

1 Paths of Glory, The Green Mile, Casablanca, Once Upon a Time in the West, Die Hard, United 93, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit are movies I love. I'm looking for a Ralph Nelson movie.	Lilies of the Field
2 What else is that about?	Sidney Poitier, Ralph Nelson
3 I rate Rod Serling movies. Any other suggestions?	Requiem for a Heavyweight

1 I watched the films Aladdin, Primal Fear, Pulp Fiction, Vegas Vacation, Philadelphia, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Lion King and loved them. I'm looking for a Christian Slater movie.	Murder in the First
2 What else is that about?	Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon, Christian Slater
3 I like Kurt Russell movies more. Do you know anything else?	3000 Miles to Graceland

1 I love Ice Age, Apollo 13, The Untouchables, Legally Blonde, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Men in Black, and Groundhog Day. I'm looking for a hollywood movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Richard Gere, Jason Alexander, Ralph Bellamy
3 I like Steve Martin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bowfinger

1 I liked The Jungle Book, Inventing the Abbotts, The Blues Brothers, Mary Poppins, South Pacific, The King and I, and Being John Malkovich. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Producers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, remade, Mel Brooks, Broadway, Gene Wilder
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	The Goonies

1 Up, The Road, Mud, Sin City, Donnie Darko, V for Vendetta, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Closer
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I rate Elia Kazan movies. Any other suggestions?	Splendor in the Grass

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Raising Arizona, Sabrina, A Streetcar Named Desire, Raging Bull, Midnight Cowboy, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a James Stewart movie.	You Can't Take It With You
2 What else is that about?	James Stewart, Frank Capra, Lionel Barrymore
3 I rate classic movies. Any other suggestions?	Vertigo

1 North by Northwest, Ray, Desk Set, Born Yesterday, Some Like It Hot, Hear My Song, and Pat and Mike are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Designing Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Vincente Minnelli
3 I like Jeff Kanew movies more. Do you know anything else?	Troop Beverly Hills

1 Back to the Future, Spider-Man 2, The Silence of the Lambs, The Royal Tenenbaums, Forrest Gump, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and And Now for Something Completely Different are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Adventure, Music, soundtrack, George Clooney, Epic, own, John Goodman, tv, John Turturro, bluegrass, Country, Tim Blake Nelson
3 I prefer Basil Rathbone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Captain Blood

1 Fargo, The American President, Sixteen Candles, Mr. Holland's Opus, Back to the Future, Pretty in Pink, and The Lion King are films I really like. I'm looking for a Don Roos movie.	The Opposite of Sex
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Roos

1 I like The Fisher King, The Godfather, 21 Grams, Bad Santa, Fight Club, Heat, and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rescue Dawn
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Christian Bale, vietnam war, Werner Herzog, Steve Zahn, rescue
3 I prefer Bette Davis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Old Acquaintance

1 The Family Man, Life Is Beautiful, Bridget Jones's Diary, The Shawshank Redemption, Chocolat, Meet the Parents, and Rob Roy are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Beautiful Mind
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I like Ken Loach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cathy Come Home

1 I liked The Jungle Book, Little Nicky, Touching the Void, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Giant, The Lost Boys, and Spider-Man. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All About My Mother
2 What else is that about?	homosexuality, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I like Roger Spottiswoode movies more. Do you know anything else?	And the Band Played On

1 Elizabeth, North by Northwest, Men in Black, A River Runs Through It, The Shawshank Redemption, The Player, and Toy Story 2 are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	The Iron Giant
2 What else is that about?	Animation, military, cold war, Jennifer Aniston, Vin Diesel, Brad Bird, maine
3 I like main character movies more. Do you know anything else?	Despicable Me

1 I liked Hedwig and the Angry Inch, The Ice Storm, Memento, The Kids Are All Right, Finding Nemo, The Pianist, and Match Point. I'm looking for a War movie.	Hotel Rwanda
2 Who does that star?	Don Cheadle
3 I like Kiefer Sutherland movies more. Do you know anything else?	To End All Wars

1 Vanilla Sky, Full Metal Jacket, Heat, The Princess Bride, and Army of Darkness are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Requiem for a Dream
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Connelly, Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans
3 I rate Beverly D'Angelo movies. Any other suggestions?	American History X

1 I really liked Lawrence of Arabia, Schindler's List, The Horse Whisperer, The Negotiator, Richard III, Men of Honor, and Hamlet. I'm looking for a Family movie.	My Dog Skip
2 Who is that directed by?	Jay Russell
3 I like Michael O'Herlihy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band

1 I really like Orgazmo, BASEketball, Jackass Number Two, Happy Gilmore, Kids, 300, and Bad Santa. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters
2 Who does that star?	Dave Willis

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Grave of the Fireflies, Before Sunset, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Once Upon a Time in the West, and Seven Samurai are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 Who does that star?	Chika Sakamoto, Noriko Hidaka, Hitoshi Takagi
3 I rate Jonathan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	Aladdin

1 The Matrix, The Departed, Gladiator, Father of the Bride Part II, Memento, Jurassic Park, and Amélie are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Social Network
2 What else is that about?	sex, David Fincher, Betrayal, Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Garfield, editing, Justin Timberlake, law, Aaron Sorkin, facebook, director, social network
3 I like animals movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Milo and Otis

1 I loved Junior, Miracle on 34th Street, The Lion King, Sleepless in Seattle, Ghost, The Santa Clause, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for a Simon Wincer movie.	Operation Dumbo Drop
2 What else is that about?	Simon Wincer
3 I prefer australian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Third Man, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, 2 Days in the Valley, Aliens, My Favorite Year, and Halloween are films I loved. I'm looking for a Harland Williams movie.	RocketMan
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Gillard
3 I rate Bruce McCulloch movies. Any other suggestions?	Superstar

1 Singin' in the Rain, The Guns of Navarone, The French Connection, Vertigo, Touch of Evil, M, and My Favorite Year are movies I love. I'm looking for an Alan J. Pakula movie.	Klute
2 Who does that star?	Donald Sutherland, Roy Scheider, Jane Fonda, Charles Cioffi
3 I prefer Bonnie Bedelia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Presumed Innocent

1 Spider-Man, Big, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, Lord of the Flies, What About Bob?, Halloween, and Face/Off are films I like. I'm looking for an acting movie.	The Garbage Pail Kids Movie
2 What else is that about?	acting
3 I like Charlize Theron movies more. Do you know anything else?	Prometheus

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Hangover, Good Morning, Vietnam, Jurassic Park, Stand by Me, The Princess Bride, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Old Yeller
2 What else is that about?	dog, Robert Stevenson
3 I rate Cameron Crowe movies. Any other suggestions?	We Bought a Zoo

1 The Exorcist, The Silence of the Lambs, Lethal Weapon, The Hunt for Red October, A River Runs Through It, Boyz n the Hood, and Fight Club are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bringing Down the House
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin, Queen Latifah
3 I prefer Terence Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	They Call Me Trinity

1 Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, High Art, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Primal Fear, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The NeverEnding Story, and Sneakers are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	In the Company of Men
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil LaBute
3 I rate Scott Hillenbrand movies. Any other suggestions?	Transylmania

1 I love Bandit Queen, Shall We Dance?, Airplane!, The Kentucky Fried Movie, Boys Don't Cry, The Matrix, and Some Like It Hot. I'm looking for an Errol Morris movie.	The Thin Blue Line
2 What else is that about?	Errol Morris
3 I like science movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Brief History of Time

1 Dances with Wolves, Outbreak, Crimson Tide, Batman, Aladdin, Apollo 13, and True Lies are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I prefer Gael García Bernal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Science of Sleep

1 Ocean's Eleven, Scent of a Woman, Braveheart, The Incredibles, The Usual Suspects, Run Lola Run, and It's a Wonderful Life are films I liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I like Australia movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Inbetweeners 2

1 Memento, Alien, Traffic, Donnie Darko, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Game, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Radha Mitchell movie.	Man on Fire
2 What else is that about?	Action, Revenge, r, Denzel Washington, Christopher Walken, mexico, Dakota Fanning, Tony Scott, Radha Mitchell, bodyguard
3 I rate Virus movies. Any other suggestions?	The Crazies

1 I really like The Dark Knight Rises, American Pie 2, District 9, Papillon, The Hangover, Spider-Man, and Iron Man 2. I'm looking for a Megan Fox movie.	Transformers
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, Robots, Steven Spielberg, teen, crude humor, effects, Michael Bay, John Turturro, Shia LaBeouf, robot, Megan Fox, Tyrese Gibson
3 I rate cgi movies. Any other suggestions?	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

1 I love Stalag 17, Dead Man Walking, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Rebecca, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Glengarry Glen Ross, and Citizen Kane. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Husbands and Wives
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Mia Farrow, Sydney Pollack
3 I like Liam Neeson movies more. Do you know anything else?	After.Life

1 The Green Mile, The Wizard of Oz, The Godfather, Goodfellas, A Room with a View, The Silence of the Lambs, and Jaws are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Swimming with Sharks
2 Who is that directed by?	George Huang
3 I prefer George Fitzmaurice movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last of Mrs. Cheyney

1 Apollo 13, The Silence of the Lambs, Unforgiven, The Fugitive, A Streetcar Named Desire, The Princess Bride, and Taxi Driver are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Yearling

1 Little Shop of Horrors, Total Recall, Face/Off, Men in Black, Groundhog Day, The Thing, and As Good as It Gets are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Species
2 Who does that star?	Ben Kingsley, Forest Whitaker, Alfred Molina, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer Starr Andreeff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Terror Within

1 I loved Driving Miss Daisy, Amistad, Roman Holiday, The Last of the Mohicans, Crimson Tide, The Goonies, and Dances with Wolves. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A River Runs Through It
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt, Tom Skerritt, Brenda Blethyn, Craig Sheffer
3 I prefer Harriet Andersson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Girls

1 Duck Soup, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Barbarella, It Happened One Night, The Crimson Pirate, Excalibur, and Top Hat are films I liked. I'm looking for an Errol Flynn movie.	Santa Fe Trail
2 Who does that star?	Raymond Massey, Olivia de Havilland, Errol Flynn, Ronald Reagan
3 I like Basil Rathbone movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Robin Hood

1 I really liked American Beauty, Brazil, Chinatown, Being John Malkovich, Jaws, Young Frankenstein, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Outsiders
2 Who does that star?	Matt Dillon, Patrick Swayze, Ralph Macchio, C. Thomas Howell
3 I prefer Brenda Fricker movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Left Foot

1 A Close Shave, The Usual Suspects, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Reservoir Dogs, Clerks, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stalingrad
2 Who is that directed by?	Fedor Bondarchuk
3 I like George Gallo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Middle Men

1 I loved Big Fish, Back to the Future, American Beauty, The Count of Monte Cristo, Drive, Children of Men, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	All the President's Men
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford, book, Alan J. Pakula, Nixon, watergate, deep throat
3 I rate James Mason movies. Any other suggestions?	North by Northwest

1 A Walk in the Clouds, Phenomenon, Forrest Gump, Philadelphia, Mr. Holland's Opus, Sleepless in Seattle, and Independence Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Love, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meg Ryan
3 I like romantic movies more. Do you know anything else?	You've Got Mail

1 I love About a Boy, Star Trek Into Darkness, Rumble in the Bronx, Sneakers, A Beautiful Mind, Looper, and Waiting for Guffman. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I prefer Mike Binder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man About Town

1 Driving Miss Daisy, Hoop Dreams, Grease, The Shawshank Redemption, Gone with the Wind, Leaving Las Vegas, and The Big Chill are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Curtis Hanson movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 What else is that about?	r, Police, Corruption, story, Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, police corruption, detective, 1950s, noir, Danny DeVito, Guy Pearce, Kim Basinger, Curtis Hanson
3 I prefer nanny movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hand That Rocks the Cradle

1 I love Men in Black, Fargo, Delicatessen, Schindler's List, Once Were Warriors, The Fifth Element, and La Femme Nikita. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cyrano de Bergerac
2 What else is that about?	Drama, French, Gérard Depardieu, Anthony Burgess
3 I rate Lindsay Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	O Lucky Man!

1 I like Cool as Ice, Night of the Creeps, The Last Samurai, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Armageddon, Love Me If You Dare, and Night of the Living Dead. I'm looking for an Action movie.	No Holds Barred
2 Who is that directed by?	Thomas J. Wright
3 I rate Richard Donner movies. Any other suggestions?	Lethal Weapon 4

1 Wag the Dog, The Age of Innocence, All About Eve, The Godfather, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, The Wings of the Dove, and Open Your Eyes are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jeremy Irons movie.	Reversal of Fortune
2 What else is that about?	murder, Jeremy Irons
3 I prefer Rob Minkoff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lion King

1 The Wrong Trousers, Rain Man, A Room with a View, A Streetcar Named Desire, The Lady Vanishes, The Sound of Music, and The Thin Man are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Peter Finch movie.	Kidnapped
2 What else is that about?	Peter Finch
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Network

1 Labyrinth, The Player, Magnolia, Lost Highway, She's So Lovely, Full Metal Jacket, and Dracula are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Suture
2 Who is that directed by?	Scott McGehee, David Siegel

1 Serial Mom, The Long Kiss Goodnight, Elizabeth, The Iron Giant, Bulworth, Jacob's Ladder, and Crash are films I really like. I'm looking for a Nick Hornby movie.	High Fidelity
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, John Cusack, Chicago, Nick Hornby, Stephen Frears
3 I like baseball movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fever Pitch

1 Swingers, Clerks, Shallow Grave, The Usual Suspects, Dazed and Confused, Four Weddings and a Funeral, and Fargo are movies I love. I'm looking for a French Film movie.	Delicatessen
2 What else is that about?	French, French Film, apartment, jeunet
3 I prefer fashion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Coco Before Chanel

1 I really like Braveheart, Red Dragon, Willow, Hook, The Importance of Being Earnest, Wag the Dog, and Sahara. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Agnes Browne
2 Who is that directed by?	Anjelica Huston
3 I rate Sam Taylor movies. Any other suggestions?	My Best Girl

1 I watched the films The Bone Collector, The Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, GoldenEye, Airplane!, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and The Exorcist and loved them. I'm looking for a Philadelphia movie.	Rocky
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sports, boxing, Sylvester Stallone, best picture, Carl Weathers, Philadelphia, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young, Talia Shire, John G. Avildsen, stallone

1 I loved Willow, Groundhog Day, The Princess Bride, The Shawshank Redemption, Memento, Predator, and Serenity. I'm looking for a genius movie.	Real Genius
2 Who does that star?	Val Kilmer, Gabriel Jarret
3 I prefer John Travolta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Phenomenon

1 I love An American Werewolf in London, Gremlins, Re-Animator, Poltergeist, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Christine, and The Thing. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	House on Haunted Hill
2 What else is that about?	remake, ghosts, haunted house, Geoffrey Rush, Famke Janssen
3 I rate Revenge movies. Any other suggestions?	I Spit on Your Grave

1 I really like The Insider, Life Is Beautiful, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Belle de Jour, The Sweet Hereafter, One True Thing, and A Room with a View. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Carnal Knowledge
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Alan Pao movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Loaded

1 Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Repo Man, Memento, Pitch Black, Splinter, Aliens, and Alien are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Final
2 Who does that star?	Jascha Washington, Marc Donato
3 I like Kenny Everett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bloodbath at the House of Death

1 Gladiator, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Godfather, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I prefer Zack Snyder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	300

1 Dirty Dancing, Happy Gilmore, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Grease, Goodfellas, A Few Good Men, and Ghostbusters are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	For Love of the Game
2 What else is that about?	baseball, Sam Raimi
3 I like Anne Hathaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rachel Getting Married

1 I really like Spider-Man, The Abyss, Pulp Fiction, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Shaun of the Dead, Akira, and The Land Before Time. I'm looking for a james bond movie.	Goldfinger
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Hamilton
3 I rate Lewis Gilbert movies. Any other suggestions?	You Only Live Twice

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Thing, The Sixth Sense, Blade Runner, The Usual Suspects, The Blair Witch Project, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Right Stuff
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, historical, Ed Harris, astronauts, Barbara Hershey, Sam Shepard, Scott Glenn
3 I rate Isabella Rossellini movies. Any other suggestions?	Fearless

1 Dead Poets Society, The Sound of Music, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Dances with Wolves, Ben-Hur, A Fish Called Wanda, and The Terminator are films I really like. I'm looking for a Japanese movie.	In the Realm of the Senses
2 What else is that about?	sexual, art, Japanese
3 I prefer videotape movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Ring

1 Little Shop of Horrors, Pulp Fiction, Rear Window, The Color Purple, Romeo and Juliet, Dogma, and Drop Dead Gorgeous are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a New York movie.	West Side Story
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, new york city, long, dance, shakespeare, New York, gangs, Broadway, best picture, Robert Wise, super panavision 70, Stephen Sondheim, Natalie Wood, Romeo and Juliet, choreography
3 I rate Matt Reeves movies. Any other suggestions?	Cloverfield

1 I like The Elephant Man, Groundhog Day, The Maltese Falcon, Psycho, American Graffiti, The Gold Rush, and Sling Blade. I'm looking for a Nicolas Roeg movie.	Walkabout
2 What else is that about?	Australia, Nicolas Roeg, Jenny Agutter
3 I prefer death of a child movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Don't Look Now

1 A Fistful of Dollars, Nobody's Fool, The Searchers, Die Hard, Grosse Pointe Blank, The Usual Suspects, and Take the Money and Run are movies I loved. I'm looking for a toshiro mifune movie.	Yojimbo
2 Who is that directed by?	Akira Kurosawa
3 I like Kayo Hatta movies more. Do you know anything else?	Picture Bride

1 Sixteen Candles, The Wedding Singer, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Matrix, The Goonies, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Shrek 2 are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Heart and Souls
2 What else is that about?	robert downey jr, Ron Underwood
3 I like Lindsay Lohan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen

1 Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Much Ado About Nothing, The Princess Bride, The Matrix, Pulp Fiction, Before Sunrise, and The Dark Knight are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Gone Baby Gone
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, directorial debut, Ben Affleck, Casey Affleck
3 I prefer Yoshihiro Nakamura movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Snow White Murder Case

1 I really liked Nell, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Man Without a Face, Back to the Future, Rob Roy, and Little Women. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Phenomenon
2 What else is that about?	own, John Travolta, genius, Forest Whitaker, Robert Duvall, Jon Turteltaub, Kyra Sedgwick
3 I prefer Nick Cassavetes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Alpha Dog

1 The Shaggy Dog, Armed and Dangerous, The Shadow, Alphaville, Orgazmo, Black Hawk Down, and Dangerous Liaisons are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Trouble Every Day
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Gallo, Béatrice Dalle, Alex Descas, Tricia Vessey
3 I like Elizabeth Allan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mark of the Vampire

1 Forbidden Planet, The Grapes of Wrath, La Grande Illusion, Yojimbo, North by Northwest, A Christmas Story, and The Right Stuff are films I love. I'm looking for an espionage movie.	Notorious
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I like Martin Ritt movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Spy Who Came in from the Cold

1 The Godfather, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Con Air, The Cider House Rules, Dirty Harry, Great Expectations, and Cool Hand Luke are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	All the Right Moves
2 Who does that star?	Tom Cruise, Lea Thompson, Craig T. Nelson
3 I like Randy Stuart movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Incredible Shrinking Man

1 I like Zoolander, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Pedro Almodóvar movie.	Talk to Her
2 What else is that about?	Drama, loneliness, Love, Spanish, Pedro Almodóvar, Leonor Watling
3 I prefer homosexuality movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All About My Mother

1 A Christmas Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Great Escape, The Red Violin, Schindler's List, and The Odd Couple are films I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Exodus
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Otto Preminger
3 I rate spy movies. Any other suggestions?	Triple Cross

1 Bambi, Deliverance, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Time Machine, Dracula, East of Eden, and Mary Poppins are films I loved. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The Mole People
2 Who is that directed by?	Virgil W. Vogel

1 Memento, The Triplets of Belleville, Falling Down, Sleeper, Man on Wire, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, and Azumi are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a French movie.	A Town Called Panic
2 Who is that directed by?	Stéphane Aubier, Vincent Patar
3 I like Michael Haneke movies more. Do you know anything else?	Amour

1 I love Being John Malkovich, Happiness, Poltergeist, Citizen Kane, Night of the Living Dead, Bottle Rocket, and Halloween. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Nosferatu
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	The Deadly Companions

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Saving Private Ryan, Brokeback Mountain, The Dark Knight, Schindler's List, Being John Malkovich, and Rain Man are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	Mystic River
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mystery, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Laurence Fishburne, Laura Linney, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I like Ryan Gosling movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gangster Squad

1 Black Hawk Down, Pulp Fiction, The Matrix, Trainspotting, Fight Club, Go, and Good Will Hunting are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Ritchie
3 I rate Mario Van Peebles movies. Any other suggestions?	New Jack City

1 Argo, The Shawshank Redemption, Men in Black II, Inception, Gladiator, Pearl Harbor, and The Bourne Identity are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Up in the Air
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, George Clooney, las vegas, travel, Jason Reitman, detroit, miami, corporate
3 I like queer movies more. Do you know anything else?	XXY

1 Judge Dredd, A Clockwork Orange, Heavy Metal, Blade Runner, Chasing Amy, Leaving Las Vegas, and Cruel Intentions are movies I really like. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	28 Weeks Later
2 What else is that about?	sequel
3 I prefer british movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bridget Jones's Diary

1 I love The Terminator, The Lion in Winter, Henry V, The Ref, Wag the Dog, Ghost, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a courtroom movie.	A Few Good Men
2 What else is that about?	Drama, murder, Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, courtroom, courtroom drama, lawyers, Kevin Bacon, Kiefer Sutherland, court, Demi Moore, lawyer, Rob Reiner, law, Aaron Sorkin, Kevin Pollak, cruise
3 I prefer David Mamet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Verdict

1 Where the Heart Is, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Maltese Falcon, Remember the Titans, The Prince of Egypt, The Perfect Storm, and Pay It Forward are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Replacements
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Keanu Reeves, Gene Hackman
3 I rate Musical movies. Any other suggestions?	Gigi

1 Zombieland, Kick-Ass, The Avengers, Amélie, Casino Royale, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and Fargo are movies I like. I'm looking for a Love movie.	Paris, je t'aime
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen, Alfonso Cuarón, Gus Van Sant, Wes Craven, Tom Tykwer, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Gurinder Chadha, Sylvain Chomet, Nobuhiro Suwa, Gérard Depardieu
3 I like Josh Boone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stuck in Love

1 Goodfellas, Casino, Apocalypse Now, Ghosts of Mississippi, Peter Pan, La Femme Nikita, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, italy, ennio morricone, Sergio Leone, spain, bad, f, spaghetti, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer William Holden movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wild Bunch

1 I really like Vanilla Sky, Witness, A Room with a View, Leaving Las Vegas, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Rear Window, and Run Lola Run. I'm looking for a Gene Kelly movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, light, Gene Kelly, Stanley Donen
3 I like new york city movies more. Do you know anything else?	On the Town

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Get Shorty, The Lion King, Apollo 13, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Jurassic Park, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I love. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	The Birdcage
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, Robin Williams, Gene Hackman, Mike Nichols, Hank Azaria
3 I prefer Roger Donaldson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cadillac Man

1 Harvey, Shakespeare in Love, Young Frankenstein, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, The Exorcist, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Pet Sematary
2 Who does that star?	Dale Midkiff, Denise Crosby, Fred Gwynne
3 I rate John Ashley movies. Any other suggestions?	The Twilight People

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Goldfinger, Men in Black, Maverick, Super Mario Bros., Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Deep Impact are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Jewel of the Nile
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, sequel, Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, Lewis Teague
3 I like Halle Berry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Executive Decision

1 I really liked It's a Wonderful Life, Sin City, Rocky, Casino, The Goonies, The Apartment, and Black Swan. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monkey Business
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Marilyn Monroe, Charles Coburn, Ginger Rogers
3 I like George Sanders movies more. Do you know anything else?	Call Me Madam

1 I loved Galaxy Quest, Toy Story 2, The Whole Nine Yards, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Batman Returns, Boiler Room, and Wayne's World. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hard Boiled
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I like Jannik Johansen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stealing Rembrandt

1 I really liked Stripes, Pretty Woman, Forrest Gump, There's Something About Mary, and Mrs. Doubtfire. I'm looking for a Kathleen Turner movie.	Romancing the Stone
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I prefer Kirsten Dunst movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Virgin Suicides

1 Schindler's List, Ed Wood, Clerks, Pulp Fiction, Forrest Gump, Apollo 13, and The Usual Suspects are films I liked. I'm looking for a Lasse Hallström movie.	What's Eating Gilbert Grape
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Leonardo DiCaprio, Juliette Lewis, Lasse Hallström
3 I like Ewan McGregor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Salmon Fishing in the Yemen

1 Ice Age, Megamind, The Book of Eli, Gladiator, Avatar, Iron Man, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Kick-Ass 2
2 Who does that star?	Chloë Grace Moretz
3 I prefer Sally Yeh movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Killer

1 High Fidelity, Three Kings, Keeping the Faith, Stand by Me, Full Metal Jacket, The Crow, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Others
2 Who does that star?	Nicole Kidman, Fionnula Flanagan, Alakina Mann
3 I prefer Matthew Modine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mary

1 I watched the films Pretty in Pink, Apollo 13, Ghost, Sixteen Candles, Blast from the Past, The Blues Brothers, and Grease and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	George of the Jungle
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Fraser
3 I prefer Action movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Vertical Limit

1 I really liked Babe, Shrek, The Iron Giant, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Wizard of Oz, Airplane!, and Grosse Pointe Blank. I'm looking for a blaxploitation movie.	Shaft
2 Who is that directed by?	John Singleton
3 I prefer Larry Cohen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Caesar

1 Wolf, Mortal Kombat, Striptease, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Mask, The Arrival, and Trainspotting are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Andie MacDowell movie.	Bad Girls
2 Who does that star?	Drew Barrymore, Andie MacDowell, Madeleine Stowe, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I rate Gérard Depardieu movies. Any other suggestions?	Green Card

1 The Full Monty, The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, Rocky II, Short Circuit 2, See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Platoon, and Rocky IV are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Land Before Time
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Bluth
3 I prefer Kevin Macdonald movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Eagle

1 Forget Paris, The Three Musketeers, Mrs. Doubtfire, Father of the Bride Part II, Billy Madison, Sabrina, and Eddie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Steve Martin movie.	Mixed Nuts
2 What else is that about?	christmas, Steve Martin, Nora Ephron
3 I like Jason Schwartzman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shopgirl

1 I like 12 Angry Men, Black Cat, White Cat, Last Year at Marienbad, Sleuth, Seven Samurai, The Devil and Daniel Johnston, and The Thin Blue Line. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Wendy and Lucy
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Williams, Lucy
3 I like Frank Pesce movies more. Do you know anything else?	29th Street

1 Cyrano de Bergerac, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Groundhog Day, Spirited Away, and Aliens are movies I loved. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I prefer Darren Stein movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jawbreaker

1 I really like Seven Samurai, The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, Up, Blade Runner, Once Upon a Time in the West, and Inception. I'm looking for a Shane Black movie.	Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Shane Black, No
3 I rate Jon Favreau movies. Any other suggestions?	Iron Man 3

1 Gandhi, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Ghostbusters, The Sound of Music, Fight Club, Titanic, and Taxi Driver are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 What else is that about?	criterion, original, national film registry, death, dark humor, Hal Ashby, Ruth Gordon, Bud Cort, existentialist
3 I prefer Shane Meadows movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Room for Romeo Brass

1 Good Will Hunting, Inherit the Wind, The Patriot, Jeffrey, Dead Again, Lord of the Flies, and Rear Window are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What's Up, Doc?
2 Who does that star?	Barbra Streisand, Madeline Kahn, Ryan O'Neal
3 I like Donnie Yen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Drunken Tai Chi

1 I really liked Tender Mercies, The Color Purple, Sophie's Choice, Pulp Fiction, A Beautiful Mind, Schindler's List, and The Mission. I'm looking for a space movie.	Space Cowboys
2 What else is that about?	space, Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner
3 I prefer science fiction movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Forbidden Planet

1 I really liked Persuasion, The Piano, Dances with Wolves, The Remains of the Day, Mrs. Doubtfire, Apollo 13, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Secret of Roan Inish
2 Who is that directed by?	John Sayles
3 I like Norman Tokar movies more. Do you know anything else?	Follow Me, Boys!

1 The Big Sleep, Chinatown, A Streetcar Named Desire, Schindler's List, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Boys Don't Cry, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Splendor in the Grass
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I like Anthony Drazan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Imaginary Crimes

1 The Exorcist, Blue Velvet, Do the Right Thing, Wings of Desire, Raiders of the Lost Ark, In the Company of Men, and American Beauty are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Akira
2 Who does that star?	Mami Koyama, Mitsuo Iwata, Nozomu Sasaki
3 I rate Scott Glenn movies. Any other suggestions?	The Challenge

1 Grindhouse, The Devil's Rejects, Death Proof, and Frailty are films I like. I'm looking for a shyamalan movie.	Signs
2 Who is that directed by?	M. Night Shyamalan

1 I really like The Silence of the Lambs, Annie Hall, L.A. Confidential, The Game, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Raging Bull, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stripes
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, John Candy, Harold Ramis, Ivan Reitman
3 I rate Adam Carolla movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hammer

1 I watched the films Shallow Hal, The Count of Monte Cristo, Spy Game, The Good Son, The Score, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, and A Beautiful Mind and loved them. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Don't Say a Word
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Michael Douglas, Brittany Murphy, Gary Fleder, Andrew Klavan
3 I rate Rutger Hauer movies. Any other suggestions?	The Osterman Weekend

1 The Fugitive, Schindler's List, My Man Godfrey, Three Days of the Condor, In the Line of Fire, Rebecca, and Doctor Zhivago are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Bill Paxton movie.	One False Move
2 Who does that star?	Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton, Cynda Williams
3 I rate Charlize Theron movies. Any other suggestions?	Mighty Joe Young

1 I really like Young Frankenstein, Malcolm X, Animal House, Gandhi, The Producers, Living Out Loud, and The Horseman on the Roof. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Blue Sky
2 Who is that directed by?	Tony Richardson
3 I prefer William A. Seiter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Susannah of the Mounties

1 I really like Glengarry Glen Ross, Leaving Las Vegas, Belle de Jour, MASH, Manhattan, Before Sunrise, and The Grifters. I'm looking for a toronto movie.	Exotica
2 Who is that directed by?	Atom Egoyan
3 I like Denis Villeneuve movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enemy

1 Metropolis, Saving Private Ryan, Fargo, Das Boot, Schindler's List, Forrest Gump, and The Red Violin are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Firelight
2 Who is that directed by?	William Nicholson
3 I rate Rob Reiner movies. Any other suggestions?	Flipped

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Back to the Future, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Die Hard, The Fugitive, and GoldenEye are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	True Lies
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Jamie Lee Curtis, 1, schwarzenegger
3 I like Australia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Young Einstein

1 I watched the films Species, Happy Gilmore, The Mummy Returns, The Silence of the Lambs, The Thomas Crown Affair, Men in Black, and Blade Runner and loved them. I'm looking for a Kevin Kline movie.	Wild Wild West
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Ivan Reitman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dave

1 Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Yellow Submarine, Mississippi Burning, Excalibur, Leaving Las Vegas, Pink Flamingos, and The Big Lebowski are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Stanley Kubrick movie.	Barry Lyndon
2 What else is that about?	Stanley Kubrick, kubrick, Ryan O'Neal
3 I prefer future movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Clockwork Orange

1 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pretty Woman, Pulp Fiction, Serial Mom, Heat, French Kiss, and GoldenEye are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I rate Tennessee Williams movies. Any other suggestions?	The Glass Menagerie

1 The Fugitive, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Beauty and the Beast, Much Ado About Nothing, and Apollo 13 are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Persuasion
2 Who does that star?	Ciarán Hinds, Amanda Root
3 I rate Alberto Sordi movies. Any other suggestions?	I Vitelloni

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Rudy, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Shanghai Noon, Shakespeare in Love, Back to the Future, and Time Bandits are films I love. I'm looking for an Ashley Judd movie.	Double Jeopardy
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Beresford
3 I rate Gary Fleder movies. Any other suggestions?	Kiss the Girls

1 A Little Princess, Real Genius, The Godfather, The Postman, Tangled, Schindler's List, and Inception are films I loved. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Avengers
2 Who does that star?	Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth
3 I like Chloë Grace Moretz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kick-Ass 2

1 Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Get Shorty, Babe, Fargo, Persuasion, and What's Eating Gilbert Grape are films I like. I'm looking for a Natasha Richardson movie.	Nell
2 Who does that star?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson, Richard Libertini
3 I like Jennifer Lopez movies more. Do you know anything else?	Maid in Manhattan

1 I watched the films Lethal Weapon, Magnum Force, Gandhi, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Toy Story 2, The Bourne Identity, and Blazing Saddles and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Dirty Harry
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood
3 I prefer Amrish Puri movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Karan Arjun

1 I'm the One That I Want, Ghost World, The Godfather, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Clerks, Wonder Boys, and Bad Santa are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Postcards from the Edge
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Mike Nichols
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Tom Jones

1 The Manchurian Candidate, Mother, Dick, Braveheart, The Sound of Music, Chicago, and When Harry Met Sally... are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sixteen Candles
2 Who does that star?	Molly Ringwald, Michael Schoeffling
3 I rate John Cleese movies. Any other suggestions?	And Now for Something Completely Different

1 Shrek, Braveheart, The Mighty, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Blade Runner, The Mission, and Predator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gorillas in the Mist
2 What else is that about?	Michael Apted, gorilla
3 I rate Circus movies. Any other suggestions?	Moscow on the Hudson

1 I love Goodfellas, Mystery Men, Cinema Paradiso, East Is East, The Daytrippers, Big Night, and Affliction. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Limey
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Steven Soderbergh
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Bribe

1 The Producers, Chinatown, The Insider, Citizen Kane, A Simple Plan, The Usual Suspects, and Psycho are movies I like. I'm looking for a film noir movie.	Out of the Past
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, film noir, noir, Jacques Tourneur
3 I like Tay Garnett movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Postman Always Rings Twice

1 The Last Picture Show, Lone Star, The Greatest Show on Earth, The Third Man, Dead Poets Society, Raging Bull, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Spanish movie.	Bad Education
2 What else is that about?	Drama, sexuality, Love, Spanish, meta, sexual abuse, Priest, almodovar, Pedro Almodóvar
3 I like homosexuality movies more. Do you know anything else?	All About My Mother

1 I liked The Cat from Outer Space, Gattaca, Escape from New York, Ghostbusters, Army of Darkness, The Muppets Take Manhattan, and Back to the Future. I'm looking for a H.G. Wells movie.	The Island of Dr. Moreau
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Taylor
3 I prefer Bert I. Gordon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Empire of the Ants

1 I loved The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Fargo, Das Boot, Blade Runner, The Fugitive, Casablanca, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Patrick Stewart movie.	Excalibur
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nigel Terry
3 I like Famke Janssen movies more. Do you know anything else?	X-Men

1 The Last King of Scotland, The Blues Brothers, The Departed, Clerks, Heat, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Usual Suspects are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	City of Angels
2 What else is that about?	remake, Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan, Angel, Brad Silberling
3 I rate Christina Ricci movies. Any other suggestions?	Black Snake Moan

1 Run Lola Run, Into the Wild, Forrest Gump, Requiem for a Dream, The Butterfly Effect, American History X, and The Game are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Scent of a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Drama, remake, new york city, Al Pacino, Philip Seymour Hoffman, school, 1, Chris O'Donnell, Martin Brest
3 I rate Matt Damon movies. Any other suggestions?	The Departed

1 Hart's War, Pinocchio, Iron Monkey, Superman, Spider-Man 2, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Blade II are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Princess Diaries
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, Anne Hathaway, Julie Andrews, G, Garry Marshall
3 I rate Will Ferrell movies. Any other suggestions?	Step Brothers

1 Fight Club, The Dark Knight, The Departed, Memento, The Lives of Others, Inception, and Inglourious Basterds are movies I love. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Across the Universe
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, beatles, The Beatles, Evan Rachel Wood, Jim Sturgess, Julie Taymor
3 I like Gene Kelly movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cover Girl

1 Garden State, American Beauty, The Lives of Others, Temple Grandin, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, The Princess and the Warrior, and Juno are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	New York, I Love You
2 What else is that about?	new york city, ensemble cast, Natalie Portman, Ethan Hawke, Orlando Bloom, Christina Ricci, Shia LaBeouf, Hayden Christensen, Anton Yelchin, Maggie Q
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Birdcage

1 Speed, Rushmore, Fargo, The Crow, Searching for Bobby Fischer, A Bronx Tale, and Get Shorty are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Pet Sematary
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Stephen King
3 I rate Brian De Palma movies. Any other suggestions?	Carrie

1 The Right Stuff, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, Shadow of a Doubt, Psycho, A Christmas Story, and Goodfellas are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Le Samouraï
2 What else is that about?	Crime, Alain Delon
3 I like Ken Loach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sweet Sixteen

1 Goodfellas, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Ed Wood, After Life, Let the Right One In, and Blade Runner are films I love. I'm looking for a David Gordon Green movie.	George Washington
2 What else is that about?	David Gordon Green
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pineapple Express

1 Monsters, Inc., Batman Begins, Shaun of the Dead, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shawshank Redemption, Hot Fuzz, and American Beauty are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Frozen
2 Who is that directed by?	Shivajee Chandrabhushan
3 I like Vincent Sherman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Skeffington

1 Broken English, Finding Neverland, Stardust, Midnight in Paris, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, French Kiss, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Noonan movie.	Miss Potter
2 What else is that about?	Ewan McGregor, author, Chris Noonan
3 I like own movies more. Do you know anything else?	Babe

1 Gandhi, Breaking the Waves, The Sweet Hereafter, Annie Hall, Unforgiven, Sense and Sensibility, and The Big Chill are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Local Hero
2 Who does that star?	Burt Lancaster, Peter Riegert, Denis Lawson, Fulton Mackay
3 I rate Alejandro Jodorowsky movies. Any other suggestions?	The Holy Mountain

1 The Matrix, Shutter Island, Catch Me If You Can, The Help, Inception, Pulp Fiction, and Inglourious Basterds are films I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Mr. Brooks
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce A. Evans
3 I rate Martin Scorsese movies. Any other suggestions?	The Departed

1 The Phantom, Creature from the Black Lagoon, Stalker, Logan's Run, Contact, X-Men, and Creepshow 2 are movies I loved. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, sequel, Sharon Stone, James Earl Jones
3 I like franchise movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jurassic Park III

1 American History X, Old School, The Shawshank Redemption, Catch Me If You Can, Big Fish, Monster, and The Sting are films I liked. I'm looking for a Will Ferrell movie.	Elf
2 Who does that star?	Will Ferrell, James Caan, Bob Newhart
3 I rate Tina Fey movies. Any other suggestions?	Megamind

1 To Catch a Thief, The Philadelphia Story, American Beauty, The Graduate, Casablanca, The Lady Vanishes, and Notorious are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jagged Edge
2 What else is that about?	courtroom, Richard Marquand
3 I like Mark Wahlberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	Broken City

1 Goldfinger, Fight Club, The Breakfast Club, The Secret of Roan Inish, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Matrix, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jules Verne movie.	Around the World in Eighty Days
2 What else is that about?	Jules Verne
3 I like island movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mysterious Island

1 I loved The Producers, The Hustler, Taxi Driver, North by Northwest, On the Waterfront, The Grapes of Wrath, and In the Heat of the Night. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Born Yesterday
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Mandoki
3 I rate John Badham movies. Any other suggestions?	Point of No Return

1 I really like Amélie and Life Is Beautiful. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Napoleon Dynamite
2 Who does that star?	Jon Heder
3 I prefer Stephen Chow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kung Fu Hustle

1 Shakespeare in Love, Mulan, Clerks, The Shawshank Redemption, Leaving Las Vegas, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, and Aladdin are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Swing Kids
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, germany, youth, Thomas Carter
3 I prefer Aaron Eckhart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	No Reservations

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption and Independence Day. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forrest Gump
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, Sally Field
3 I prefer Peter Fonda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nadja

1 The Princess Bride, The Exorcist, Akira, Poltergeist, Charlie's Angels, Dead Poets Society, and Back to the Future are films I love. I'm looking for a Jim Abrahams movie.	Airplane!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, War, parody, absurd, slapstick, disaster, funniest movies, Airport, Leslie Nielsen, flying, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker, Lloyd Bridges
3 I rate Val Kilmer movies. Any other suggestions?	Top Secret!

1 A Fish Called Wanda, Being John Malkovich, The Wrong Trousers, The Shining, Hoop Dreams, Heavenly Creatures, and Duck Soup are movies I love. I'm looking for a Clea DuVall movie.	But I'm a Cheerleader
2 What else is that about?	gay, satirical, lesbian, Clea DuVall, Cathy Moriarty
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Faculty

1 The Shawshank Redemption, A Hard Day's Night, Schindler's List, Fight Club, The Usual Suspects, Dead Man Walking, and Goodfellas are movies I liked. I'm looking for a mid-life crisis movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes

1 Blade Runner, Swingers, 12 Angry Men, Local Hero, The Princess Bride, The Godfather, and The Fugitive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Lost Horizon
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Frank Capra
3 I rate Liam Neeson movies. Any other suggestions?	Wrath of the Titans

1 Beauty and the Beast, The Blob, Aliens, The Santa Clause, Planet of the Apes, Roman Holiday, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really like. I'm looking for a classic movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones
3 I like Ted Berman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Fox and the Hound

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Henry V, Forrest Gump, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Miracle on 34th Street, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, and Unforgiven are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I like Richard Dreyfuss movies more. Do you know anything else?	Leaves of Grass

1 I really liked Election, Little Big Man, Speed, The Matrix, The Green Mile, The English Patient, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Parenthood
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin, Mary Steenburgen, Dianne Wiest, Jason Robards
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Finding Neverland

1 Blade Runner, A Clockwork Orange, Saving Private Ryan, The Man Who Would Be King, Schindler's List, Braveheart, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a sexual abuse movie.	The Boys of St. Vincent
2 Who is that directed by?	John N. Smith
3 I rate Pedro Almodóvar movies. Any other suggestions?	Volver

1 I like The Matrix, Blade Runner, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Silence of the Lambs, and Stir of Echoes. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Game
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Michael Douglas
3 I rate Gwyneth Paltrow movies. Any other suggestions?	A Perfect Murder

1 The Bourne Identity, Remember the Titans, The Life of David Gale, Stand by Me, Meet the Parents, Memento, and The Untouchables are films I like. I'm looking for an animated movie.	The Simpsons Movie
2 Who does that star?	Julie Kavner, Yeardley Smith, Dan Castellaneta, Nancy Cartwright
3 I like Derek Jacobi movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Secret of NIMH

1 The Big Chill, An Ideal Husband, The Sixth Sense, American Beauty, The Little Mermaid, A Fish Called Wanda, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Cusack movie.	Identity
2 Who is that directed by?	James Mangold
3 I rate Rob Reiner movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sure Thing

1 I really liked Bringing Up Baby, The Princess Bride, Aladdin, Victor Victoria, Beauty and the Beast, Some Like It Hot, and Batman Returns. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Pinocchio
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Animation, Music, disney, Musical, national film registry, children, characters, animated, simple, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen
3 I like anime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Leaves

1 Apollo 13, Inglourious Basterds, The 400 Blows, Thank You for Smoking, Casino Royale, The Adventures of Robin Hood, and Pulp Fiction are films I love. I'm looking for a Kurt Russell movie.	Death Proof
2 Who is that directed by?	Quentin Tarantino
3 I rate Ted Berman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Fox and the Hound

1 A Simple Plan, Blade Runner, Yojimbo, Princess Mononoke, Boys Don't Cry, The Usual Suspects, and Malcolm X are movies I liked. I'm looking for a René Laloux movie.	Fantastic Planet
2 What else is that about?	René Laloux
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Gandahar

1 Prisoners, Million Dollar Baby, Pulp Fiction, Cloverfield, Dogville, Zero Dark Thirty, and Frozen Land are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a science movie.	Gravity
2 What else is that about?	space, cinematography, George Clooney, Sandra Bullock, science, astronauts, score, pace, Alfonso Cuarón
3 I prefer effects movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jurassic Park

1 I, Robot, Sherlock Holmes, GoldenEye, Thunderball, Dr. No, High Fidelity, and The Frighteners are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Bernie Mac movie.	The Original Kings of Comedy
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I like Terry Zwigoff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Santa

1 Dirty Dancing, Stand by Me, The Notebook, She's All That, My Best Friend's Wedding, Serendipity, and The Proposal are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Mick Jackson movie.	Tuesdays with Morrie
2 What else is that about?	Mick Jackson
3 I prefer autism movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Temple Grandin

1 Dolores Claiborne, In the Line of Fire, The Fugitive, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Leaving Las Vegas, and Fargo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Shallow Grave
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, criterion, dark, Crime, directorial debut, Ewan McGregor, Danny Boyle
3 I prefer Howard Hawks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Scarface

1 The Bourne Identity and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Taken
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, Liam Neeson, cia, Famke Janssen, Maggie Grace, Pierre Morel
3 I like Virus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Doomsday

1 Courage Under Fire, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, Phenomenon, Tombstone, Primal Fear, and Crimson Tide are movies I liked. I'm looking for an africa movie.	The Ghost and the Darkness
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Hopkins
3 I rate Clint Eastwood movies. Any other suggestions?	Invictus

1 I liked The Birdcage, Sense and Sensibility, The Godfather, Fargo, Leaving Las Vegas, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Johnny Depp, new york city, mafia, Al Pacino, 1970s, fbi, Mike Newell, Anne Heche, Bruno Kirby
3 I like Olivia de Havilland movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Heiress

1 I really liked Requiem for a Dream, Traffic, Heat, Hotel Rwanda, Menace II Society, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a 2 movie.	25th Hour
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I rate Nick Park movies. Any other suggestions?	Chicken Run

1 For Your Eyes Only, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Mark of Zorro, The Running Man, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are films I really liked. I'm looking for a mars movie.	Mission to Mars
2 What else is that about?	science fiction, mars, Don Cheadle, Brian De Palma, Tim Robbins, Gary Sinise, Connie Nielsen
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ghosts of Mars

1 I watched the films Adam's Rib, The Silence of the Lambs, Closer, Malcolm X, Before Sunset, The Birds, and The Spitfire Grill and loved them. I'm looking for a Billy Wilder movie.	The Fortune Cookie
2 What else is that about?	Billy Wilder, Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau
3 I like cynical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ace in the Hole

1 The River Wild, Broken Arrow, Field of Dreams, Son in Law, Fried Green Tomatoes, Toy Story, and Alien are movies I like. I'm looking for a Ridley Scott movie.	White Squall
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Philip K. Dick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Blade Runner

1 Shrek, The Grapes of Wrath, Braveheart, Annie Hall, The Little Mermaid, American Beauty, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I love. I'm looking for a story movie.	Alien
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, Harry Dean Stanton, Veronica Cartwright
3 I like Matthew Goode movies more. Do you know anything else?	Watchmen

1 Breaking Away, Billy Liar, Gregory's Girl, Lovers of the Arctic Circle, Heathers, Annie Hall, and The 400 Blows are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Naked
2 What else is that about?	british, Mike Leigh
3 I prefer Edmund Goulding movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Lie

1 I really like Unforgiven, The Blues Brothers, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Silence of the Lambs, Full Metal Jacket, Schindler's List, and Braveheart. I'm looking for an italy movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I rate Federico Fellini movies. Any other suggestions?	Amarcord

1 Fight Club, Braveheart, Sleepless in Seattle, The Bridge on the River Kwai, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Lawrence of Arabia, and Unforgiven are movies I like. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Old Yeller
2 What else is that about?	dog, Robert Stevenson
3 I prefer Frank Oz movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dark Crystal

1 I watched the films Saving Private Ryan, Clear and Present Danger, Casablanca, The Usual Suspects, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Departed, and American Beauty and loved them. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Diggstown
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Ritchie

1 Phenomenon, The Mask, Dead Poets Society, About a Boy, The Others, Midnight Express, and The Bourne Identity are movies I loved. I'm looking for an e.t. movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I like Dee Wallace movies more. Do you know anything else?	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial

1 I love Bull Durham, Patton, Seven Beauties, An Ideal Husband, Some Like It Hot, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, and Empire of the Sun. I'm looking for a Henry Fonda movie.	The Grapes of Wrath
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, depression, John Ford, great depression, Henry Fonda, John Steinbeck
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Battle of the Bulge

1 The Wizard of Oz, Raging Bull, The Madness of King George, Gandhi, Manhattan, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Dead Ringers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 Who is that directed by?	Marleen Gorris
3 I rate Shamim Sarif movies. Any other suggestions?	I Can't Think Straight

1 I love Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Toy Story, Labyrinth, Menace II Society, Candyman, Total Recall, and A Nightmare on Elm Street. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Life
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Prison, Martin Lawrence, Ted Demme
3 I prefer india movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge

1 I really liked 13 Going on 30, August Rush, A Beautiful Mind, No Reservations, The Shawshank Redemption, Hitch, and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
2 Who does that star?	Josh Duhamel, Kate Bosworth, Topher Grace
3 I rate Parker Posey movies. Any other suggestions?	Spring Breakdown

1 Tank Girl, Clueless, Bio-Dome, Reality Bites, Natural Born Killers, Tom and Huck, and The Hunchback of Notre Dame are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cure
2 Who does that star?	Brad Renfro
3 I like Celeste Holm movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gentleman's Agreement

1 Braveheart, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Natural Born Killers, Dances with Wolves, Carlito's Way, and Dead Man Walking are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Casino
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, las vegas, Casino, Sharon Stone, mob, Joe Pesci, vegas
3 I like Teri Polo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Meet the Parents

1 I really like Jurassic Park, Tommy Boy, Dolores Claiborne, The Net, Apollo 13, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Son in Law. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Major Payne
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Damon Wayans
3 I rate John Landis movies. Any other suggestions?	Oscar

1 Flirting with Disaster, Bowfinger, Juno, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, The Wrong Trousers, Shadowlands, and L.A. Confidential are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	After Hours
2 Who does that star?	Rosanna Arquette, Griffin Dunne
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hope Springs

1 North by Northwest, Gilda, Manhattan, Bonnie and Clyde, Deliverance, Psycho, and Rosemary's Baby are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Waiting for Guffman
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Guest
3 I rate Stuart Murdoch movies. Any other suggestions?	God Help the Girl

1 I loved Tommy Boy, Multiplicity, Vampire in Brooklyn, Drop Zone, Independence Day, Nine Months, and The Rock. I'm looking for a soccer movie.	The Big Green
2 Who is that directed by?	Holly Goldberg Sloan
3 I like Stephen Chow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kung Fu Hustle

1 A League of Their Own, Titanic, Casablanca, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The King and I, A Bug's Life, and Babe are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Strictly Ballroom
2 Who is that directed by?	Baz Luhrmann
3 I prefer Mark Steven Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Simon Birch

1 Up in Smoke, Big Fish, Black Swan, 10 Things I Hate About You, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Forrest Gump, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are films I liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Nice Dreams
2 Who is that directed by?	Tommy Chong
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Pulp Fiction, Apollo 13, Lone Star, The Godfather, Clerks, Leaving Las Vegas, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edward Norton movie.	The People vs. Larry Flynt
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Edward Norton, Woody Harrelson, biographical, Courtney Love
3 I prefer avi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American History X

1 There Will Be Blood, Amélie, The Fall, The Royal Tenenbaums, Milk, Lost in Translation, and Harold and Maude are movies I really like. I'm looking for a War movie.	Why We Fight
2 What else is that about?	War, Documentary, military, Eugene Jarecki
3 I prefer japan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Letters from Iwo Jima

1 I loved The Crow, Independence Day, The Lion King, Schindler's List, Jurassic Park, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Kevin McKidd movie.	Trainspotting
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, british, 1980s, Ewan McGregor, addiction, heroin, Danny Boyle, drug addiction, united kingdom, Kelly Macdonald, Robert Carlyle, scottish, Irvine Welsh, edinburgh, Kevin McKidd, Jonny Lee Miller, drug

1 Breakfast at Tiffany's, A Room with a View, Blue Velvet, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Live and Let Die, The Usual Suspects, and American Beauty are films I really like. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Citizen Kane
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, Mystery, story, own, Orson Welles, innovative, rosebud
3 I rate Chiwetel Ejiofor movies. Any other suggestions?	Children of Men

1 The Net, While You Were Sleeping, Forrest Gump, Speed, The Mask, Mrs. Doubtfire, and Apollo 13 are films I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Waterworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Kevin Reynolds
3 I prefer Robert Wilson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Declare War

1 I love Major League, Batman, The Sixth Sense, Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, Jackie Brown, and Top Gun. I'm looking for a samurai movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I like Japanese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sanjuro

1 I really liked The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Newsies, Aladdin, The Sound of Music, Stand by Me, Strictly Ballroom, and Clueless. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The Princess Bride
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I like Adam Shankman movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Walk to Remember

1 Goldfinger, How Green Was My Valley, Bicycle Thieves, The Sting, Raiders of the Lost Ark, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Laurence Olivier movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I like Alfred Hitchcock movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rebecca

1 I love Children of Men, The Lady Eve, The Thin Man, Fight Club, Amélie, Double Indemnity, and Requiem for a Dream. I'm looking for a Brad Pitt movie.	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford
2 Who does that star?	Brad Pitt
3 I like George Clooney movies more. Do you know anything else?	Burn After Reading

1 I liked Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Braveheart, Scarface, Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, and Good Will Hunting. I'm looking for a caper movie.	The Sting
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, soundtrack, complicated, Robert Redford, Paul Newman, caper, con men, George Roy Hill, Robert Shaw, con, Sting, cons
3 I like Mark Ruffalo movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Brothers Bloom

1 I love Rushmore, Little Voice, Galaxy Quest, The Straight Story, Babe, Hoop Dreams, and Smoke. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	Things Change
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mamet
3 I like Danny DeVito movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hoffa

1 I love Braveheart, The Princess Bride, Stand by Me, Sin City, The Hunt for Red October, The Sixth Sense, and Iron Man. I'm looking for a Colin Farrell movie.	Seven Psychopaths
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Walken, Woody Harrelson, Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Tom Waits, Abbie Cornish, psychopaths, Martin McDonagh
3 I prefer Jennifer Aniston movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Horrible Bosses

1 Dark City, American Pie, Toy Story, The Mask, Poltergeist, Ghost in the Shell, and Aliens are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Toy Story 2
2 Who does that star?	Joan Cusack
3 I like John Hurt movies more. Do you know anything else?	Watership Down

1 Rushmore, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, M, Groundhog Day, High Fidelity, Fight Club, and Stop Making Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Edward Furlong movie.	Pecker
2 What else is that about?	John Waters, Edward Furlong
3 I rate Shannon Elizabeth movies. Any other suggestions?	Night of the Demons

1 Speed, Six Degrees of Separation, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Schindler's List, The Fugitive, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and Jeffrey are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Airheads
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Hostage, f, Michael Lehmann
3 I rate vacation movies. Any other suggestions?	RV

1 Strictly Ballroom, Happiness, Lone Star, Being John Malkovich, Rushmore, Titanic, and Vertigo are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Run Lola Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Tykwer
3 I rate Don Siegel movies. Any other suggestions?	The Black Windmill

1 I like The Wages of Fear, The Chorus, The History Boys, An Ideal Husband, Muppet Treasure Island, Grumpy Old Men, and Enemy at the Gates. I'm looking for a franchise movie.	Muppets from Space
2 What else is that about?	franchise, muppets
3 I like visual effects movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jurassic Park III

1 Rumble in the Bronx and The Nutty Professor are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Adam Sandler, golf, hockey, Dennis Dugan
3 I like football movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Express

1 Mars Attacks!, Romeo + Juliet, Happy Gilmore, Daylight, Independence Day, Black Sheep, and Moll Flanders are movies I like. I'm looking for a Shane Black movie.	The Long Kiss Goodnight
2 Who is that directed by?	Renny Harlin
3 I rate Shane Black movies. Any other suggestions?	Iron Man 3

1 I really liked M, Aguirre, the Wrath of God, Cops, Citizen Kane, Land of Silence and Darkness, and The General. I'm looking for a Short movie.	The Goat
2 What else is that about?	Short, Buster Keaton
3 I prefer blender movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tears of Steel

1 I really like Me and You and Everyone We Know, A Close Shave, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Emperor's New Groove, Shrek, The Fox and the Hound, and The Pianist. I'm looking for a Dennis Quaid movie.	Innerspace
2 What else is that about?	Meg Ryan, Dennis Quaid, Joe Dante, Martin Short
3 I like Thomas Haden Church movies more. Do you know anything else?	Smart People

1 Rashomon, The Big Lebowski, Lost Highway, Pulp Fiction, In the Name of the Father, The Seventh Seal, and Witness for the Prosecution are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	On the Waterfront
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Corruption, Marlon Brando, best picture, Elia Kazan, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb
3 I rate Christopher Walken movies. Any other suggestions?	The Opportunists

1 I really like Sexy Beast, The Princess Bride, Cool Hand Luke, The Grifters, About a Boy, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hopscotch
2 Who is that directed by?	Ronald Neame
3 I rate Jay Roach movies. Any other suggestions?	Meet the Parents

1 I like Being John Malkovich, La Grande Illusion, Yojimbo, Dersu Uzala, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, A Clockwork Orange, and The Seventh Seal. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Naked
2 What else is that about?	british, Mike Leigh
3 I rate Henry James movies. Any other suggestions?	Washington Square

1 Forrest Gump, The Red Violin, The 13th Warrior, A Knight's Tale, The Fifth Element, The Mummy, and Hero are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Drama, inspirational, Family, christmas, story, long, James Stewart, money, favorite, Frank Capra, Angel
3 I rate French movies. Any other suggestions?	Mood Indigo

1 Cube, Casablanca, The Sweet Hereafter, It's a Wonderful Life, On the Waterfront, Jaws, and Magnolia are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Agatha Christie movie.	Witness for the Prosecution
2 Who is that directed by?	Billy Wilder
3 I like René Clair movies more. Do you know anything else?	And Then There Were None

1 I loved Freedom Writers, Crash, The Shawshank Redemption, The Matrix, Saving Private Ryan, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Astronaut Farmer
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Polish
3 I prefer Lasse Hallström movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hundred-Foot Journey

1 The Shining, Patton, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Office Space, Risky Business, and Goodfellas are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I like Danny Boyle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Millions

1 Ghostbusters, The Wedding Singer, Blazing Saddles, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Hot Fuzz, The Departed, and Rounders are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Adventureland
2 Who does that star?	Jesse Eisenberg
3 I prefer Nobuko Miyamoto movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Taxing Woman

1 Braveheart, Beauty and the Beast, Stargate, Dances with Wolves, While You Were Sleeping, The Fugitive, and Batman are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Morgan Freeman movie.	Outbreak
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo
3 I prefer Jim Carrey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bruce Almighty

1 Kin-dza-dza!, Dead Man, The Birds, Rain Man, Buena Vista Social Club, Black Cat, White Cat, and Rush are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Playtime
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Jacques Tati
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Period of Adjustment

1 Night of the Living Dead, Monsters, Inc., Beauty and the Beast, Sleeping Beauty, The Princess Bride, An American Werewolf in London, and The Dark Knight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Bill Melendez movie.	A Charlie Brown Christmas
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, christmas, animated, Bill Melendez
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Charlie Brown Christmas

1 The Godfather, Good Will Hunting, Rabbit-Proof Fence, Lawrence of Arabia, Spirited Away, Billy Elliot, and Remember the Titans are movies I like. I'm looking for a gross movie.	The Exorcist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, scary, cult, Possession, exorcism, Priest, Max von Sydow, satan, gross, William Friedkin, Ellen Burstyn
3 I prefer jesus movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passion of the Christ

1 I really like Touch of Evil, His Girl Friday, Starship Troopers, Animal House, Home Alone, Raising Arizona, and The Black Cauldron. I'm looking for a remake movie.	Assault on Precinct 13
2 What else is that about?	Action, remake, Police, Ethan Hawke, Laurence Fishburne, Maria Bello
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Night of the Living Dead

1 I love The Santa Clause, Junior, Raging Bull, The Beverly Hillbillies, Schindler's List, Full Metal Jacket, and Kingpin. I'm looking for a Michael Ritchie movie.	The Scout
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Ritchie

1 Pretty Woman, Bull Durham, Private Benjamin, Ghostbusters, Mary Poppins, The Goodbye Girl, and Terms of Endearment are movies I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Blind Date
2 Who is that directed by?	Nico Mastorakis
3 I rate Christian Duguay movies. Any other suggestions?	Boot Camp

1 Fargo, Kiss Me, Guido, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, The African Queen, Spawn, Pretty in Pink, and Cape Fear are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	On Golden Pond
2 Who does that star?	Henry Fonda, Katharine Hepburn, Jane Fonda, Doug McKeon
3 I rate Jim Caviezel movies. Any other suggestions?	When the Game Stands Tall

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Nosferatu, In the Heat of the Night, The Fox and the Hound, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Around the World in Eighty Days, and The Fly are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Clive Barker movie.	Rawhead Rex
2 Who is that directed by?	George Pavlou
3 I prefer Bernard Rose movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Candyman

1 Serenity, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Four Weddings and a Funeral, La Femme Nikita, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Manchurian Candidate, and Annie Hall are films I really like. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Bridget Jones's Diary
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, british, sequel, Love, Romantic Comedy, Hugh Grant, Colin Firth, diary, Sharon Maguire
3 I like Oliver Parker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny English Reborn

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Maverick, Nell, Disclosure, Powder, The Crow, and The Shining are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Son in Law
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I rate Jonah Hill movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny People

1 Forrest Gump, Easy Rider, Aliens, The Omen, Highlander, Event Horizon, and Rocky are films I liked. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	2010
2 Who does that star?	John Lithgow, Helen Mirren, Roy Scheider, Bob Balaban
3 I prefer Edmond O'Brien movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fantastic Voyage

1 The Red Violin, Schindler's List, 101 Dalmatians, Apollo 13, Groundhog Day, The Rainmaker, and Howards End are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Barry Levinson movie.	Liberty Heights
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson
3 I rate black comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Wag the Dog

1 I loved Schindler's List, The Deer Hunter, Leaving Las Vegas, 12 Angry Men, Eyes Wide Shut, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and From Here to Eternity. I'm looking for a Spencer Tracy movie.	Inherit the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kramer
3 I prefer Mervyn LeRoy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo

1 I like A Close Shave, The Lion King, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Silence of the Lambs, Speed, Powder, and Little Women. I'm looking for a Steve Coogan movie.	The Indian in the Cupboard
2 What else is that about?	Steve Coogan, Frank Oz
3 I prefer Eva Mendes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Other Guys

1 The Umbrellas of Cherbourg, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Don Juan DeMarco, Beauty and the Beast, Schindler's List, The Madness of King George, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are films I love. I'm looking for a David Mamet movie.	Vanya on 42nd Street
2 What else is that about?	intimate, David Mamet, Louis Malle
3 I like Barry Levinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wag the Dog

1 I liked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Independence Day, Pretty Woman, The Lion King, Belle de Jour, Short Cuts, and Four Weddings and a Funeral. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 Who is that directed by?	Nora Ephron
3 I like Todd Wilderman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Open Season 2

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Jurassic Park, Crimson Tide, Planet of the Apes, The Fugitive, and Saving Private Ryan are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Contact
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I prefer Lasse Hallström movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hoax

1 The Shining, Shrek, I Am Sam, Frida, Moulin Rouge!, The Matrix, and Trainspotting are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Things We Lost in the Fire
2 Who does that star?	Benicio Del Toro, Halle Berry
3 I prefer Susan Tyrrell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fat City

1 I really like Braveheart, Crimson Tide, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, Broken Arrow, The American President, and The Net. I'm looking for an Ivan Reitman movie.	Dave
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, Kevin Dunn
3 I prefer Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Twins

1 Jurassic Park, The Dark Knight, Aladdin, Shrek, Alien, The Lion King, and Blade Runner are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Home Alone
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I rate Peter Hastings movies. Any other suggestions?	The Country Bears

1 I watched the films Forrest Gump, Back to the Future, Fight Club, The Fifth Element, Life Is Beautiful, The Shawshank Redemption, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and loved them. I'm looking for a Jude Law movie.	Gattaca
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I rate Mike Nichols movies. Any other suggestions?	Closer

1 Seven Days in May, Rio Bravo, Kiss Me Deadly, A Streetcar Named Desire, Miller's Crossing, The Rules of the Game, and Le Cercle Rouge are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Bullet in the Head
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I prefer Richard Donner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lethal Weapon

1 I like Patton, The Deer Hunter, Amélie, Training Day, Fried Green Tomatoes, Grand Canyon, and Tootsie. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Jewel of the Nile
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I rate Richard Harris movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wild Geese

1 I really liked Rocky, Akira, Misery, The Wizard of Oz, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Planet of the Apes, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for an eugenics movie.	Gattaca
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol

1 Ghostbusters, Big Daddy, Man on the Moon, The Breakfast Club, The Godfather, American Pie, and Kingpin are films I love. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	The Endless Summer
2 Who does that star?	Robert August, Bruce Brown
3 I rate Mickey Rooney movies. Any other suggestions?	National Velvet

1 I watched the films Gone with the Wind, The Sound of Music, The Matrix, Citizen Kane, Dune, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Cinderella and loved them. I'm looking for a Brad Silberling movie.	City of Angels
2 What else is that about?	remake, Nicolas Cage, Meg Ryan, Angel, Brad Silberling
3 I like Paz Vega movies more. Do you know anything else?	10 Items or Less

1 I watched the films The Big Lebowski, Army of Darkness, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead, Fight Club, Clerks, and Evil Dead II and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Night of the Living Dead
2 What else is that about?	Horror, remake, zombie, Tom Savini
3 I rate Italian movies. Any other suggestions?	Tentacles

1 L.A. Confidential, The Big Lebowski, La Femme Nikita, The Usual Suspects, Men in Black, Get Shorty, and Independence Day are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Pleasantville
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Reese Witherspoon, Tobey Maguire, Jeff Daniels, William H. Macy, Joan Allen, Don Knotts, Gary Ross
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Clash of the Titans

1 The Thomas Crown Affair, Defending Your Life, North by Northwest, Serenity, The Visitor, Gosford Park, and Mad Hot Ballroom are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Love Serenade
2 Who is that directed by?	Shirley Barrett
3 I prefer Tina Valinsky movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Soft Toilet Seats

1 I liked The Bourne Ultimatum, The Importance of Being Earnest, Coyote Ugly, My Best Friend's Wedding, The Truman Show, First Knight, and Serendipity. I'm looking for a Diane Lane movie.	Under the Tuscan Sun
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Divorce, Diane Lane, tuscany
3 I prefer John Cusack movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Must Love Dogs

1 I really liked Once Upon a Time in the West, Naked, Harakiri, Exotica, Citizen Kane, Amarcord, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Woman Under the Influence
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, John Cassavetes
3 I prefer Tommy Wiseau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Room

1 I loved Citizen Kane, As Good as It Gets, Ordinary People, American Graffiti, Sliding Doors, Out of Africa, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a John Dahl movie.	Red Rock West
2 What else is that about?	John Dahl
3 I rate poker movies. Any other suggestions?	Rounders

1 Spider-Man, Blade II, Shrek 2, The Last Samurai, Men in Black, Spirited Away, and The Count of Monte Cristo are movies I love. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	Constantine
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Lawrence
3 I rate Brad Bird movies. Any other suggestions?	The Incredibles

1 I like Once Were Warriors, Batman, Dances with Wolves, Beauty and the Beast, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Pulp Fiction, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Sunrise
2 What else is that about?	r, romantic, Ethan Hawke, minimalist, Richard Linklater, Julie Delpy, vienna
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dogville

1 I loved High Fidelity, Orpheus, Casablanca, The Commitments, Shall We Dance?, Pitch Black, and Grosse Pointe Blank. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Bamboozled
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee

1 Twister, Legends of the Fall, I.Q., Philadelphia, Broken Arrow, The Shawshank Redemption, and Braveheart are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Richard Donner movie.	Assassins
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner

1 The Player, Night of the Living Dead, M, The Usual Suspects, Six Degrees of Separation, The Birds, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are films I liked. I'm looking for a John Steinbeck movie.	East of Eden
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, James Dean, Elia Kazan, John Steinbeck
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Grapes of Wrath

1 I love Heat, Enemy of the State, Trainspotting, Jerry Maguire, Bridget Jones's Diary, Good Will Hunting, and Once Upon a Time in America. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Rush Hour 2
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Chan, Chris Tucker
3 I rate Seann William Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	Evolution

1 Jurassic Park, Deep Impact, Heavy Metal, The Fifth Element, Back to the Future Part II, The Terminator, and The Matrix are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Bruce Campbell movie.	Evil Dead II
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi
3 I like stylized movies more. Do you know anything else?	Army of Darkness

1 I liked What's Eating Gilbert Grape, As Good as It Gets, Walk the Line, A Beautiful Mind, The Science of Sleep, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and The King's Speech. I'm looking for an Amy Adams movie.	The Fighter
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, sports, Christian Bale, Mark Wahlberg, Amy Adams, David O. Russell, Melissa Leo
3 I prefer Russell Crowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Man of Steel

1 The Manchurian Candidate, Strangers on a Train, The Silence of the Lambs, Total Recall, Dances with Wolves, Fatal Attraction, and The Asphalt Jungle are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Wrong Man
2 Who does that star?	Vera Miles, Henry Fonda
3 I like Robert De Niro movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Score

1 Howl's Moving Castle, Amélie, Spirited Away, and Delicatessen are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Fish
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Tim Burton, story, death, Storytelling, Ewan McGregor, Helena Bonham Carter, Life, fish, Albert Finney, alabama, Jessica Lange
3 I rate Brazil movies. Any other suggestions?	Neighboring Sounds

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, The Green Mile, Jurassic Park, Toy Story, The Hunt for Red October, and The Matrix are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Thriller, serial killer, Crime, Anthony Hopkins, own, Jodie Foster, fbi, hannibal lecter, brilliant, best picture, psychiatrist, Jonathan Demme, Scott Glenn, demme, Thomas Harris, Hannibal
3 I prefer Antonio Banderas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Assassins

1 GoldenEye, Braveheart, Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, and Stargate are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I like Rainer Werner Fassbinder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Martha

1 My Family, Pulp Fiction, Tombstone, The Shawshank Redemption, Apollo 13, Dangerous Minds, and True Lies are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	While You Were Sleeping
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Turteltaub
3 I like Rip Torn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Telephone

1 I really liked The Fugitive, Young Frankenstein, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Sixth Sense, Metropolis, and Chicken Run. I'm looking for a Randal Kleiser movie.	Grease
2 What else is that about?	High School, Musical, John Travolta, 1950s, Randal Kleiser
3 I prefer aids movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's My Party

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Nell, Nobody's Fool, Apollo 13, Clerks, Much Ado About Nothing, and The Fugitive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Australia movie.	Sirens
2 What else is that about?	Australia
3 I prefer dystopia movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mad Max

1 I like Blazing Saddles, Goodfellas, Willow, The Jerk, Best in Show, Apocalypse Now, and A Christmas Story. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Watership Down
2 Who does that star?	John Hurt, Richard Briers
3 I prefer Sam Rockwell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Single Shot

1 Beauty and the Beast, Sense and Sensibility, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Schindler's List, Braveheart, Clear and Present Danger, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Richard Gere, Jason Alexander, Ralph Bellamy
3 I rate Dorothy Stratten movies. Any other suggestions?	Galaxina

1 I really liked Braveheart, The Fugitive, Courage Under Fire, Sense and Sensibility, Clueless, Little Women, and Emma. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Richard III
2 Who does that star?	Robert Downey Jr., Ian McKellen, Annette Bening, Jim Broadbent
3 I prefer Naomi Watts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ellie Parker

1 The Bridges of Madison County, In the Line of Fire, Legends of the Fall, Philadelphia, In the Name of the Father, Quiz Show, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Pinocchio
2 Who is that directed by?	Wilfred Jackson, Hamilton Luske, Ben Sharpsteen, Bill Roberts, Jack Kinney, Norman Ferguson, T. Hee
3 I rate Steven Spielberg movies. Any other suggestions?	Hook

1 Midnight Run, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Being John Malkovich, Platoon, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The City of Lost Children, and The Grifters are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Fly
2 What else is that about?	remade
3 I rate John McTiernan movies. Any other suggestions?	Nomads

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, U-571, 10 Things I Hate About You, The Princess Bride, The Rock, Toy Story, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a Stephen Norrington movie.	Blade
2 Who is that directed by?	Stephen Norrington

1 That Thing You Do!, Sense and Sensibility, The Grass Harp, Courage Under Fire, The Glimmer Man, The Celluloid Closet, and Evita are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Turbulence
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Butler
3 I like David Gordon Green movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pineapple Express

1 North by Northwest, Psycho, Pulp Fiction, Patton, Das Boot, Gandhi, and Aliens are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Gold Rush
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, charlie chaplin, silent, Gold, Chaplin
3 I like Jack Black movies more. Do you know anything else?	Airborne

1 Spanking the Monkey, Saving Private Ryan, Quiz Show, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Schindler's List, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Beau Bridges movie.	The Fabulous Baker Boys
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Kloves
3 I prefer Alexander Payne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Descendants

1 The Basketball Diaries, Miracle on 34th Street, Unforgiven, Gone with the Wind, 12 Angry Men, The Matrix, and Major League are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Exorcist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, scary, cult, Possession, exorcism, Priest, Max von Sydow, satan, gross, William Friedkin, Ellen Burstyn
3 I prefer remake movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Let Me In

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Fifth Element, Leaving Las Vegas, Fargo, Nixon, and Jerry Maguire are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jack Nicholson movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I prefer Michelangelo Antonioni movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passenger

1 Goodfellas, Vertigo, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Trainspotting, A Clockwork Orange, North by Northwest, and Short Cuts are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert Altman movie.	MASH
2 What else is that about?	satirical, vietnam war, vietnam, Donald Sutherland, Robert Altman, altman, korean war, Elliott Gould
3 I like hollywood movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Player

1 Starship Troopers, Total Recall, The Terminator, A Bug's Life, The Shining, Hard Boiled, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are films I love. I'm looking for a science fiction movie.	Gattaca
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I rate Cameron Crowe movies. Any other suggestions?	Vanilla Sky

1 The Big Lebowski, Ghostbusters, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Good Will Hunting, The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, and Road to Perdition are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Hot Shots!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, spoof, Charlie Sheen, Jim Abrahams, Lloyd Bridges
3 I rate Gene Kelly movies. Any other suggestions?	Hello, Dolly!

1 Dead Man Walking, The Right Stuff, It's a Wonderful Life, A Clockwork Orange, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Say Anything... are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sex, Lies, and Videotape
2 What else is that about?	sexuality, national film registry, Steven Soderbergh, lies, videotape
3 I rate afterlife movies. Any other suggestions?	Defending Your Life

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, spielberg, india, indiana jones, River Phoenix, Lucas, holy grail, indiana, Denholm Elliott
3 I like oz movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wiz

1 I liked The Usual Suspects, Thank You for Smoking, Fargo, Fight Club, Run Lola Run, American History X, and Memento. I'm looking for a boston movie.	The Departed
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, remake, Police, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese, Mark Wahlberg, gangster, boston, best picture, Alec Baldwin, Vera Farmiga
3 I rate own movies. Any other suggestions?	Good Will Hunting

1 I love The Princess Bride, Swingers, The Wrong Trousers, Clerks, The Sixth Sense, The Game, and Good Will Hunting. I'm looking for a kung fu movie.	Drunken Master
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, kung fu, Jackie Chan
3 I prefer 3d movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kung Fu Panda 2

1 Friday the 13th, Django Unchained, Apocalypse Now, Gremlins, Shrek, Inglourious Basterds, and Caddyshack are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Role Models
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Paul Rudd, Seann William Scott, Elizabeth Banks, Ken Jeong, Jane Lynch, David Wain
3 I like John Lithgow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harry and the Hendersons

1 Once Upon a Time in America, Rear Window, Schindler's List, Apocalypse Now, Microcosmos, Vertigo, and The Deer Hunter are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Peter Boyle movie.	The Candidate
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, Michael Ritchie, Peter Boyle
3 I rate Danny DeVito movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny Dangerously

1 Jaws, Aliens, Forrest Gump, The Birds, The Wrong Trousers, Bonnie and Clyde, and Phenomenon are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tony Scott movie.	True Romance
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Quentin Tarantino, Brad Pitt, Gary Oldman, Christopher Walken, Val Kilmer, cast, Christian Slater, Dennis Hopper, Patricia Arquette, Tony Scott
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Enemy of the State

1 I loved Requiem for a Heavyweight, The Bank Dick, You Can Count on Me, Yellow Submarine, Marat/Sade, Y Tu Mamá También, and Singin' in the Rain. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Touch of Evil
2 Who is that directed by?	Orson Welles
3 I like Steve Buscemi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Animal Factory

1 Chinatown and Pulp Fiction are films I liked. I'm looking for a Gregory Hoblit movie.	Primal Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	Gregory Hoblit

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, Saving Private Ryan, The Sound of Music, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Wizard of Oz, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and Apollo 13 are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Casino
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I like Alain Gagnol movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Cat in Paris

1 Carlito's Way, Beetlejuice, Zero Effect, The Matrix, Fargo, Schindler's List, and Rushmore are films I really like. I'm looking for a Vivien Leigh movie.	A Streetcar Named Desire
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I prefer Gabriel Pascal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Caesar and Cleopatra

1 Beverly Hills Cop III, Waterworld, Natural Born Killers, The Silence of the Lambs, Addams Family Values, Get Shorty, and True Lies are movies I really like. I'm looking for a John Turturro movie.	Quiz Show
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Redford
3 I like Steven Brill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mr. Deeds

1 Toy Story, Solaris, High Fidelity, La Grande Illusion, The Son's Room, Badlands, and Do the Right Thing are movies I like. I'm looking for a Bruce Beresford movie.	Black Robe
2 Who does that star?	August Schellenberg, Aden Young, Lothaire Bluteau, Sandrine Holt
3 I prefer Jack Thompson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breaker Morant

1 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Falling Down, Shrek, Signs, Crimson Tide, Glengarry Glen Ross, and Big are movies I loved. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Alive
2 What else is that about?	japan, Prison
3 I like corporate movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bad Sleep Well

1 I liked Apollo 13, Jurassic Park, Forrest Gump, Beauty and the Beast, The Shawshank Redemption, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Three Musketeers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Kelly, Lana Turner
3 I rate Marika Green movies. Any other suggestions?	Pickpocket

1 Shrek, Maverick, Much Ado About Nothing, The Shawshank Redemption, The Three Musketeers, The Game, and The Commitments are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	City Slickers
2 What else is that about?	Billy Crystal, colorado, Daniel Stern, Jack Palance, Bruno Kirby, Ron Underwood
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Bus

1 Roman Holiday, Midnight Cowboy, Some Like It Hot, It's a Wonderful Life, The Apartment, Down by Law, and All About Eve are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Alfred Hitchcock movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Much
2 Who does that star?	Peter Lorre
3 I like George Sanders movies more. Do you know anything else?	Foreign Correspondent

1 Traffic, Life Is Beautiful, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, The Spanish Prisoner, Being John Malkovich, Wayne's World, and Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Johnny Dangerously
2 What else is that about?	Danny DeVito, Michael Keaton, Peter Boyle, Amy Heckerling
3 I rate bdsm movies. Any other suggestions?	Preaching to the Perverted

1 Bad Boys, The Wizard of Oz, The Thin Blue Line, Alien, Das Boot, Aliens, and Trees Lounge are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Time Bandits

1 The Rock, Aladdin, Gandhi, Dances with Wolves, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Top Gun, and So I Married an Axe Murderer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toy Story
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Adventure, Animation, pixar, disney, Tom Hanks, story, national film registry, children, animated, light, want, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, John Lasseter
3 I like Preston Sturges movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Palm Beach Story

1 Annie Hall, Erin Brockovich, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Bread and Tulips, Everyone Says I Love You, Elizabeth, and The Opposite of Sex are movies I like. I'm looking for a saturday night live movie.	Superstar
2 Who does that star?	Will Ferrell, Molly Shannon, Elaine Hendrix, Harland Williams
3 I prefer Dave Foley movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	It's Pat

1 I watched the films A Few Good Men, Charade, The King's Speech, The Fugitive, The Hunt for Red October, and Bringing Up Baby and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Unstoppable
2 What else is that about?	Denzel Washington, Tony Scott
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Act of Valor

1 The Firm, Disclosure, Body Snatchers, Mrs. Doubtfire, Sense and Sensibility, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Short Cuts are films I really like. I'm looking for a Wayne Knight movie.	To Die For
2 Who does that star?	Joaquin Phoenix, Nicole Kidman, Matt Dillon, Casey Affleck

1 Serenity, Batman Begins, and The Princess Bride are films I really liked. I'm looking for a tag movie.	To Kill a Mockingbird
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Mulligan
3 I like Richard Linklater movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Scanner Darkly

1 Independence Day, Grease, Ransom, Titanic, Dazed and Confused, A Perfect World, and An Affair to Remember are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a tibet movie.	Kundun
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, tibet, dalai lama
3 I rate Brad Pitt movies. Any other suggestions?	Seven Years in Tibet

1 Chungking Express, The Crucible, The Evening Star, Escape from L.A., The Convent, The White Balloon, and Guantanamera are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Old Lady Who Walked in the Sea
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurent Heynemann
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I watched the films Deliverance, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Driving Miss Daisy, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, When Harry Met Sally..., and Rounders and loved them. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	Jaws
2 What else is that about?	classic, soundtrack, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, spielberg, ominous, ocean, shark, Richard Dreyfuss, Robert Shaw, Roy Scheider
3 I like Whoopi Goldberg movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Color Purple

1 I loved Good Will Hunting, Enemy of the State, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Excalibur, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, and Princess Mononoke. I'm looking for an Alan Moore movie.	Constantine
2 What else is that about?	comic book, Keanu Reeves, supernatural, own, Demons, Rachel Weisz, Tilda Swinton, dc comics, Alan Moore, Hell, angels
3 I prefer plot movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Watchmen

1 I watched the films North by Northwest, The Shop Around the Corner, The Women, The Seventh Seal, Children of Paradise, Notorious, and The 400 Blows and loved them. I'm looking for a Nora Roberts movie.	High Noon
2 What else is that about?	Nora Roberts

1 Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Casino Royale, Gladiator, The Dark Knight, Princess Mononoke, and Full Metal Jacket are films I like. I'm looking for a Vigilante movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 What else is that about?	Crime, mafia, Vigilante, Willem Dafoe, Brothers, Twins, boston, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus
3 I rate Pam Grier movies. Any other suggestions?	Coffy

1 Life Is Beautiful, The Princess Bride, The Usual Suspects, Amélie, Memento, Fight Club, and The Game are films I love. I'm looking for a Road Trip movie.	Sideways
2 Who does that star?	Paul Giamatti, Thomas Haden Church, Virginia Madsen, Sandra Oh
3 I rate Martin Lawrence movies. Any other suggestions?	College Road Trip

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, American History X, Dracula, Sleepy Hollow, The Fisher King, Ed Wood, and The Matrix are films I really like. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Constantine
2 What else is that about?	comic book, Keanu Reeves, supernatural, own, Demons, Rachel Weisz, Tilda Swinton, dc comics, Alan Moore, Hell, angels
3 I prefer Documentary movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Side by Side

1 The Princess Bride, American Beauty, Die Hard, Fried Green Tomatoes, Rosemary's Baby, Carrie, and Halloween are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Steel Magnolias
2 What else is that about?	women, Herbert Ross
3 I rate Judd Nelson movies. Any other suggestions?	Fandango

1 The Sixth Sense, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Pleasantville, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, And Now for Something Completely Different, Airplane!, and The Spanish Prisoner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Searchers
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Western, John Wayne, vistavision, John Ford
3 I like Clint Eastwood movies more. Do you know anything else?	Joe Kidd

1 Diner, Boogie Nights, Halloween, Crimson Tide, Jaws, Cool Hand Luke, and Forrest Gump are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adrianne Palicki movie.	Red Dawn
2 What else is that about?	Chris Hemsworth, invasion, Josh Hutcherson, occupation, Josh Peck, Adrianne Palicki

1 I really liked Strange Days, The Sixth Sense, All Quiet on the Western Front, Six Degrees of Separation, No Way Out, In the Company of Men, and Who Framed Roger Rabbit. I'm looking for a Harold Becker movie.	The Onion Field
2 What else is that about?	Harold Becker
3 I like Al Pacino movies more. Do you know anything else?	City Hall

1 I loved When Harry Met Sally..., Shakespeare in Love, Hoop Dreams, The Godfather, North by Northwest, Shrek, and Stand by Me. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	American Pie 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, sequel, teen, College
3 I prefer Matt Reeves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

1 Sex, Lies, and Videotape, The Wrong Trousers, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Sweet Hereafter, Schindler's List, Toy Story, and Goldfinger are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lolita
2 Who does that star?	James Mason, Shelley Winters, Sue Lyon
3 I like Walter Connolly movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bitter Tea of General Yen

1 Conan the Barbarian, Old Yeller, The Program, Batman, Backdraft, Bandits, and Blade are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Toy Soldiers
2 Who does that star?	Sean Astin, Wil Wheaton, Andrew Divoff
3 I rate Janet Gaynor movies. Any other suggestions?	Lucky Star

1 I loved Alice in Wonderland, The Great Escape, Aliens, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Patton, Bringing Up Baby, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a 1920s movie.	Raise the Red Lantern
2 What else is that about?	china, 1920s, Chinese, zhang yimou, gong li
3 I rate Ron Clements movies. Any other suggestions?	The Princess and the Frog

1 I watched the films The Princess Bride, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Mulholland Drive, A Clockwork Orange, The Silence of the Lambs, Spirited Away, and Full Metal Jacket and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Shining
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I like Spencer Susser movies more. Do you know anything else?	I Love Sarah Jane

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Jude, The White Balloon, The Juror, Kansas City, Taxi Driver, and Albino Alligator are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Man of the Year
2 Who is that directed by?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer Shari Springer Berman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Girl Most Likely

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Legends of the Fall, Sleepless in Seattle, The Usual Suspects, I.Q., Natural Born Killers, and Pulp Fiction are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dangerous Minds
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer
3 I prefer Shia LaBeouf movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints

1 The Big Chill, Brazil, Die Hard, Rain Man, My Left Foot, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Paths of Glory are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gandhi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, own, india, biographical, Ben Kingsley, Richard Attenborough, Gandhi
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Giant

1 The Sixth Sense, A Clockwork Orange, Cape Fear, So I Married an Axe Murderer, Charade, Lost in Space, and Chinatown are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Dreams movie.	Dreamscape
2 What else is that about?	Dreams
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Science of Sleep

1 Clerks, Flirting with Disaster, La Femme Nikita, The Manchurian Candidate, Reservoir Dogs, The Opposite of Sex, and Eat Drink Man Woman are films I loved. I'm looking for an Orson Welles movie.	Touch of Evil
2 What else is that about?	Orson Welles, noir, Charlton Heston, Janet Leigh
3 I rate Claire Danes movies. Any other suggestions?	Me and Orson Welles

1 The Shining, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, Forrest Gump, Memento, The Thing, and Aliens are films I like. I'm looking for a cast movie.	Reservoir Dogs
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Quentin Tarantino, nonlinear, ensemble cast, original, story, Heist, tarantino, Steve Buscemi, cast, cult, Tim Roth, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen
3 I prefer Danny McBride movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	This Is the End

1 Back to the Future, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, It's a Wonderful Life, Contact, Iron Man, Gladiator, and The Bourne Supremacy are films I liked. I'm looking for a vistavision movie.	White Christmas
2 What else is that about?	christmas, vistavision, Michael Curtiz, Danny Kaye, Bing Crosby
3 I rate John Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	The Searchers

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Shining, Fargo, The Shawshank Redemption, Citizen Kane, The Matrix, and Braveheart are movies I like. I'm looking for a slasher movie.	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
2 What else is that about?	Horror, slasher, cannibals, Tobe Hooper
3 I prefer franchise movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Freddy vs. Jason

1 I watched the films Inglourious Basterds, Man on the Moon, Proof of Life, and The Usual Suspects and loved them. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Godfather
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Ford Coppola
3 I prefer Randa Haines movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Children of a Lesser God

1 Pleasantville, The Deer Hunter, The Straight Story, Apocalypse Now, Being John Malkovich, A Simple Plan, and A Clockwork Orange are films I love. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	Catch Me If You Can
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Crime, Tom Hanks, Steven Spielberg, Leonardo DiCaprio, spielberg, Christopher Walken, Amy Adams, book, 2, Martin Sheen, fraud
3 I rate Denzel Washington movies. Any other suggestions?	Philadelphia

1 Spirited Away, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Push, Life Is Beautiful, Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, and Schindler's List are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	P.S. I Love You
2 What else is that about?	Richard LaGravenese
3 I like Paul Newman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nobody's Fool

1 Jurassic Park, The French Connection, Saving Private Ryan, Grand Canyon, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Hunt for Red October, and Top Gun are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Guns of Navarone
2 What else is that about?	Action, bd-r, world war ii, Anthony Quinn, J. Lee Thompson
3 I prefer Priyanka Chopra movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drona

1 Annie Hall, The Garden of the Finzi-Continis, My Left Foot, Bananas, The Godfather, Jean de Florette, and Chinatown are films I love. I'm looking for a Neil Jordan movie.	Mona Lisa
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I like romantic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ondine

1 I like The Name of the Rose, The Mummy, Ransom, Traffic, Thirteen Days, Pulp Fiction, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for a sports movie.	Two for the Money
2 Who does that star?	Al Pacino, Matthew McConaughey, Rene Russo, Armand Assante
3 I like Algenis Perez Soto movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sugar

1 The Madness of King George, The Bridges of Madison County, Murder in the First, The Fifth Element, The Fugitive, Dead Poets Society, and Get Shorty are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Killing Fields
2 Who does that star?	John Malkovich, Julian Sands, Sam Waterston, Haing S. Ngor
3 I prefer Richard Attenborough movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Flight of the Phoenix

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, The Bridges of Madison County, The Lion King, Braveheart, Forrest Gump, The American President, and Pretty Woman and loved them. I'm looking for a Family movie.	Home Alone
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, christmas, Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Chris Columbus, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Heard
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Santa Clause

1 Rudy, Aliens, The Nutty Professor, Heat, Sleepers, The Silence of the Lambs, and Tombstone are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Chazz Palminteri movie.	Jade
2 Who does that star?	Richard Crenna, Linda Fiorentino, Chazz Palminteri, David Caruso
3 I prefer Kathy Bates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Diabolique

1 Life Is Beautiful, Blade Runner, Pan's Labyrinth, Princess Mononoke, The Shining, Schindler's List, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a susumu hirasawa movie.	Paprika
2 Who is that directed by?	Satoshi Kon

1 I liked Traffic, Blow, Half Baked, Waking Life, Trainspotting, Up in Smoke, and City of God. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I rate David Frankel movies. Any other suggestions?	One Chance

1 Once Were Warriors, The Birds, Starship Troopers, Citizen Kane, Midnight Run, The Pianist, and The Big Lebowski are films I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Village
2 What else is that about?	psychological, own, M. Night Shyamalan, cult, village, shyamalan
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Before I Go to Sleep

1 I liked The Limey, The Mummy, The Mask, The Sixth Sense, Excalibur, Lethal Weapon, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Blues Brothers
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, Music, Musical, Police, musicians, cult classic, car chase, chase, Chicago, tv, Dan Aykroyd, John Candy, saturday night live, John Landis, John Belushi, mission from god, Carrie Fisher, blues, Ray Charles, aretha franklin
3 I rate Gene Kelly movies. Any other suggestions?	That's Entertainment! III

1 Get Shorty, Forrest Gump, Fargo, Schindler's List, Pulp Fiction, Clerks, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I like Janet Jackson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Why Did I Get Married?

1 Blazing Saddles, Glengarry Glen Ross, Desperado, Harvey, Vertigo, A Christmas Story, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show are movies I like. I'm looking for a George Kennedy movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Rosenberg

1 Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, Get Shorty, The Usual Suspects, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, and The Firm are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Legends of the Fall
2 What else is that about?	War, Brad Pitt, Epic, Anthony Hopkins, world war i, prohibition, Edward Zwick, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn
3 I rate iraq movies. Any other suggestions?	Green Zone

1 Matewan, Modern Times, Raging Bull, Run Lola Run, Much Ado About Nothing, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, and Wings of Desire are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Martin Scorsese movie.	Kundun
2 What else is that about?	Martin Scorsese, tibet, dalai lama
3 I rate Robert De Niro movies. Any other suggestions?	The King of Comedy

1 Blade Runner, The Rock, Die Hard, In Bruges, Austin Powers in Goldmember, Alien, and WarGames are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Toy Story 3
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, Tom Hanks, story, Tim Allen, Toys, pixar animation, score, G, Joan Cusack, Lee Unkrich
3 I rate Chicago movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dilemma

1 I liked Goodfellas, Mystery Men, A Clockwork Orange, Schindler's List, Back to the Future, Pulp Fiction, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Patton
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Biography, national film registry, best picture, George C. Scott, Franklin J. Schaffner, Karl Malden
3 I rate Police movies. Any other suggestions?	Serpico

1 Big, The City of Lost Children, Hoosiers, Dead Ringers, Cool Hand Luke, Breaking the Waves, and Airplane! are movies I like. I'm looking for a Molly Ringwald movie.	Sixteen Candles
2 Who does that star?	Molly Ringwald, Michael Schoeffling
3 I prefer Billy Bob Thornton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade

1 I watched the films Transformers, Hoosiers, Schindler's List, Troy, American History X, Saved!, and Cruel Intentions and loved them. I'm looking for a boxing movie.	Rocky IV
2 Who does that star?	Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burt Young, Carl Weathers
3 I like Antonio Tarver movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rocky Balboa

1 There's Something About Mary and I Am Sam are films I liked. I'm looking for a Richard LaGravenese movie.	P.S. I Love You
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard LaGravenese

1 Back to the Future, The Lion King, Indochine, Jurassic Park, Farewell My Concubine, The Parent Trap, and Around the World in Eighty Days are films I love. I'm looking for a James Cagney movie.	A Midsummer Night's Dream
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, shakespeare, James Cagney, William Dieterle, Olivia de Havilland
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ragtime

1 I loved Crimes and Misdemeanors, 12 Angry Men, The Deer Hunter, Raging Bull, The Godfather, Unforgiven, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I'm looking for a Darren Aronofsky movie.	Requiem for a Dream
2 What else is that about?	Drama, psychological, r, addiction, Jennifer Connelly, Darren Aronofsky, Jared Leto, dream, Ellen Burstyn, Marlon Wayans
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Swan

1 Predator, A League of Their Own, Dances with Wolves, Big, Patriot Games, The Abyss, and Gladiator are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Drama, satire, Music, cinematography, r, sexuality, story, Love, Kevin Spacey, cynical, own, midlife crisis, 3, Sam Mendes, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, beauty, Mena Suvari, mid-life crisis, Allison Janney
3 I prefer Bing Crosby movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Going My Way

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The Bridge on the River Kwai, In the Heat of the Night, The Birds, 12 Angry Men, Holiday Inn, and Pulp Fiction are films I loved. I'm looking for an Otto Preminger movie.	The Man with the Golden Arm
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Frank Sinatra, Otto Preminger
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bunny Lake Is Missing

1 Galaxy Quest, The Sixth Sense, Independence Day, The Abyss, The NeverEnding Story, Lean on Me, and Traffic are movies I like. I'm looking for an Albert Pyun movie.	Cyborg
2 What else is that about?	Albert Pyun
3 I prefer Christopher Lambert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mean Guns

1 Jane Eyre, Dances with Wolves, Courage Under Fire, Sense and Sensibility, The Rock, The Firm, and Mr. Holland's Opus are movies I love. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone

1 I like Night of the Living Dead, Men in Black, The Silence of the Lambs, Grease, Ghostbusters, The Birds, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Roddy McDowall movie.	Fright Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Tom Holland
3 I like Garry Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Overboard

1 Fast Times at Ridgemont High, A Streetcar Named Desire, On the Waterfront, Sleeper, Airplane!, Last Tango in Paris, and Amarcord are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	City of Women
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini

1 Apollo 13, Trainspotting, Buffalo '66, Breaking the Waves, Reservoir Dogs, Taxi Driver, and Pi are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Hope Floats
2 What else is that about?	Sandra Bullock, Forest Whitaker
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Don Juan DeMarco

1 I like Casino Royale, Schindler's List, Monsters, Inc., and The Bourne Identity. I'm looking for a Giovanni Ribisi movie.	Avatar
2 Who does that star?	Sigourney Weaver, Zoe Saldana, Sam Worthington, Stephen Lang
3 I like Holly Hunter movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Big White

1 Dead Man, The Fifth Element, Groundhog Day, Spy Game, Hero, Lost in Translation, and Black Cat, White Cat are movies I love. I'm looking for a Mickey Rourke movie.	Angel Heart
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I like Simon Wincer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man

1 I really like Monsters, Inc., Pretty Woman, Titanic, Army of Darkness, Ghostbusters, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and The Dark Knight. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
2 Who does that star?	Rick Moranis, Matt Frewer, Marcia Strassman, Kristine Sutherland
3 I rate Craig Ferguson movies. Any other suggestions?	How to Train Your Dragon 2

1 2010, Traffic, A Beautiful Mind, Bring It On, Blow, Strange Days, and Total Recall are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Jackal
2 What else is that about?	remake, Bruce Willis, assassin, Sidney Poitier
3 I like Peter Hyams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sudden Death

1 The Terminator, Animal House, Mad Max, High Fidelity, The Dirty Dozen, Drunken Master, and The Treasure of the Sierra Madre are movies I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	A Farewell to Arms
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Vidor
3 I like Allan Dwan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sands of Iwo Jima

1 Schindler's List, American Beauty, A Hard Day's Night, Requiem for a Dream, Apocalypse Now, Pi, and Life Is Beautiful are movies I like. I'm looking for a Red movie.	The Red Violin
2 What else is that about?	violin, Red
3 I like samurai movies more. Do you know anything else?	Samurai Fiction

1 I really liked 12 Angry Men, The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, A Christmas Story, Pulp Fiction, The Sting, and The Thing. I'm looking for a Carl Weathers movie.	Rocky II
2 What else is that about?	franchise, Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Burt Young, Burgess Meredith, Talia Shire, fight, stallone, tony burton, Rocky
3 I like John McTiernan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Predator

1 The Pest, Shadow Conspiracy, Trial and Error, Addicted to Love, and Fierce Creatures are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Nothing Personal
2 Who is that directed by?	Urszula Antoniak
3 I prefer Jack Gold movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Merchant of Venice

1 I watched the films The Shawshank Redemption, I Heart Huckabees, Donnie Darko, Babel, The Intouchables, Scent of a Woman, and The Prestige and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Things We Lost in the Fire
2 Who does that star?	Benicio Del Toro, Halle Berry
3 I prefer Dustin Hoffman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rain Man

1 Star Trek, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Avengers, The Producers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and Goldfinger are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kick-Ass
2 What else is that about?	violence, superhero, comic book, r, story, Nicolas Cage, Vigilante, Matthew Vaughn
3 I prefer High School movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Just One of the Guys

1 I loved Get Shorty, The Piano, Crimson Tide, Lethal Weapon, Immortal Beloved, The Remains of the Day, and The Thomas Crown Affair. I'm looking for a Harold Becker movie.	City Hall
2 Who does that star?	Al Pacino, John Cusack, Bridget Fonda
3 I like Bruce Willis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mercury Rising

1 I love The Terminator, Die Hard, Beetlejuice, The Blair Witch Project, Pitch Black, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Unbreakable
2 What else is that about?	superhero, Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson, super-hero, M. Night Shyamalan, avi, security guard, shyamalan
3 I rate slavery movies. Any other suggestions?	12 Years a Slave

1 I really liked Clerks, Schindler's List, Goodfellas, Searching for Bobby Fischer, The Game, In the Name of the Father, and Shakespeare in Love. I'm looking for a poetry movie.	Slam
2 What else is that about?	poetry
3 I like Robin Williams movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Poets Society

1 I really liked Pee-wee's Big Adventure and Requiem for a Dream. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Milk
2 What else is that about?	politics, r, Biography, gay, Sean Penn, biographical, San Francisco, Gus Van Sant, Josh Brolin, gay rights
3 I like Angela Bassett movies more. Do you know anything else?	Malcolm X

1 Run Lola Run, Rear Window, The Wrong Trousers, The Gods Must Be Crazy, and Almost Famous are films I like. I'm looking for a Scarlett Johansson movie.	The Man Who Wasn't There
2 Who is that directed by?	Ethan Coen
3 I rate Shari Springer Berman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Nanny Diaries

1 I really liked The Usual Suspects, Big Night, Heat, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Immortal Beloved, Toy Story, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 Who does that star?	Gary Cooper
3 I prefer Johnny Depp movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Edward Scissorhands

1 Mallrats, French Kiss, The Mask, Son in Law, Dead Man Walking, Dangerous Minds, and Serial Mom are films I really like. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	Speed
2 Who is that directed by?	Jan de Bont
3 I rate Richard Linklater movies. Any other suggestions?	A Scanner Darkly

1 I like Out of the Past, Pulp Fiction, The Dark Knight, On the Waterfront, Once Upon a Time in the West, City of God, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Nicholas Ray movie.	In a Lonely Place
2 Who does that star?	Humphrey Bogart, Gloria Grahame
3 I rate Cathy O'Donnell movies. Any other suggestions?	They Live by Night

1 Rear Window, The Celluloid Closet, The Name of the Rose, Young Frankenstein, Casablanca, High Fidelity, and The Lost Weekend are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Manhattan Murder Mystery
2 What else is that about?	Mystery, Woody Allen, murder mystery
3 I prefer sequel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Very Brady Sequel

1 I like Circle of Friends, Out of Africa, Schindler's List, Hoop Dreams, Children of a Lesser God, Rebel Without a Cause, and The Boy Who Could Fly. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stonewall
2 What else is that about?	gay
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Broken Flowers

1 I loved The Goonies, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Dark Crystal, Escape from New York, Soylent Green, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Highlander. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Doctor Dolittle
2 Who does that star?	Richard Attenborough, Rex Harrison, Samantha Eggar, Anthony Newley
3 I like Cyd Charisse movies more. Do you know anything else?	Brigadoon

1 Home for the Holidays, Speechless, French Kiss, Waterworld, Beverly Hills Cop III, Get Shorty, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Sudden Death
2 What else is that about?	Action, Peter Hyams
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beverly Hills Cop III

1 I liked The Right Stuff, Citizen Kane, The Limey, Full Metal Jacket, Pi, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Wings of Desire. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I rate Leonor Watling movies. Any other suggestions?	The Oxford Murders

1 I like Contact, Amélie, The Sixth Sense, Groundhog Day, American History X, Braveheart, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for a Lucas movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, spielberg, india, indiana jones, River Phoenix, Lucas, holy grail, indiana, Denholm Elliott
3 I rate want movies. Any other suggestions?	Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom

1 I really liked Billy Madison, Scary Movie, Happy Gilmore, There's Something About Mary, Friday, American Beauty, and American Pie. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Orgazmo
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Trey Parker, Matt Stone
3 I like film noir movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid

1 Psycho, Jean de Florette, Spirited Away, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Moulin Rouge!, Big Fish, and Big are films I love. I'm looking for a Danny Glover movie.	Silverado
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan
3 I rate Roland Emmerich movies. Any other suggestions?	2012

1 American Graffiti, The Wrong Trousers, Corrina, Corrina, Miracle on 34th Street, Wag the Dog, Hook, and Mr. Smith Goes to Washington are movies I like. I'm looking for a disney movie.	The Rescuers
2 What else is that about?	disney, mouse, mice, Bob Newhart, Eva Gabor
3 I prefer Animation movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Treasure Planet

1 I watched the films The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Sixth Sense, The Lion King, The Great Escape, Fight Club, The Omen, and Lawrence of Arabia and loved them. I'm looking for a Robert Duvall movie.	The Natural
2 What else is that about?	baseball, Robert Redford, Robert Duvall, shooting, Glenn Close, Barry Levinson, Kim Basinger
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Network

1 I liked Immortal Beloved, Leaving Las Vegas, GoldenEye, Clerks, Schindler's List, Independence Day, and Forrest Gump. I'm looking for a William Gibson movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, future, Keanu Reeves, Dolph Lundgren, William Gibson, Ice-T
3 I rate Ice-T movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny Mnemonic

1 Monsters, Inc., Life Is Beautiful, West Side Story, A Christmas Story, The Village, The Birdcage, and My Cousin Vinny are movies I really like. I'm looking for a French movie.	The Closet
2 Who is that directed by?	Francis Veber
3 I prefer Yves Robert movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Father's Glory

1 The Silence of the Lambs, A Time to Kill, Ed Wood, Batman Forever, The Crow, Forrest Gump, and Much Ado About Nothing are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Phantom
2 What else is that about?	Simon Wincer, Billy Zane
3 I rate Morocco movies. Any other suggestions?	Ten Tall Men

1 Requiem for a Dream, Forrest Gump, Raiders of the Lost Ark, A Fistful of Dollars, Rocky, Ghostbusters, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2 Who is that directed by?	Terry Gilliam
3 I rate Mike White movies. Any other suggestions?	Year of the Dog

1 Casablanca, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Vanya on 42nd Street, Schindler's List, Psycho, and Hamlet are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Gigi
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Musical, national film registry, courtesan, Vincente Minnelli
3 I like Jacques Demy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Une chambre en ville

1 Paths of Glory, The Deer Hunter, Ran, Children of Paradise, Miracle on 34th Street, Beetlejuice, and The Lion in Winter are films I liked. I'm looking for a Russian movie.	Prisoner of the Mountains
2 What else is that about?	Russian
3 I prefer Timur Bekmambetov movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night Watch

1 Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Kingpin, Lethal Weapon 4, Wag the Dog, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Manhattan, and Animal House are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Reunion movie.	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, Reunion, Janeane Garofalo, Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Character
3 I like franchise movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Reunion

1 Requiem for a Dream, The Fifth Element, Full Metal Jacket, Garden State, Gangs of New York, Top Gun, and The Boondock Saints are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Matrix
2 What else is that about?	Action, dystopia, Thriller, r, martial arts, philosophical, cyberpunk, science fiction, Keanu Reeves, Epic, own, science, effects, Hugo Weaving, visual, avi, visual effects, Laurence Fishburne, matrix, wachowski brothers, simulated reality, fiction, Joe Pantoliano, machines, action scenes, Reality
3 I rate Ridley Scott movies. Any other suggestions?	G.I. Jane

1 Toy Story 2, Die Hard, Hot Shots! Part Deux, Kung Fu Panda, The Princess Bride, Braveheart, and The Bourne Identity are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dan Aykroyd movie.	Ghostbusters
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, Bill Murray, ghosts, supernatural, Sigourney Weaver, Dan Aykroyd, saturday night live, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis, Ivan Reitman
3 I like Music movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blues Brothers 2000

1 V for Vendetta, A Bug's Life, Inception, Aladdin, The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, 12 Angry Men, and Gladiator are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Enchanted
2 Who does that star?	Amy Adams, Timothy Spall, James Marsden, Patrick Dempsey
3 I rate Virginia Mayo movies. Any other suggestions?	The Princess and the Pirate

1 Pretty in Pink, Ghostbusters, Airplane!, Beetlejuice, The Breakfast Club, Stand by Me, and Sixteen Candles are films I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Running Scared
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Glickler
3 I rate Ringo Lam movies. Any other suggestions?	Maximum Risk

1 White Squall, Tombstone, Miracle on 34th Street, Forrest Gump, Sleepless in Seattle, Crimson Tide, and I.Q. are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Sound of Music
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Plummer, Julie Andrews
3 I like Glenn Close movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil

1 I watched the films Amélie, Double Indemnity, Manhattan, Goldfinger, Chinatown, The Pianist, and The Lost Weekend and loved them. I'm looking for a Bob Fosse movie.	Lenny
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Fosse

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Fifth Element, The Lives of Others, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, American Beauty, Serenity, and Aliens are films I loved. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Love and Death
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Woody Allen
3 I like Diane Keaton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Manhattan

1 Tender Mercies, Fantasia, Taxi Driver, Kelly's Heroes, Rebel Without a Cause, The Usual Suspects, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Used Cars
2 Who does that star?	Kurt Russell, Jack Warden, Frank McRae, Gerrit Graham
3 I like Tommy Lee Jones movies more. Do you know anything else?	Man of the House

1 Happiness, Dead Man Walking, Cool Hand Luke, Boys Don't Cry, Breaking the Waves, Clerks, and My Left Foot are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	Mississippi Burning
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Parker
3 I prefer William Friedkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The French Connection

1 Jarhead, Flags of Our Fathers, Scrooged, The Good Girl, Big Nothing, The Horse Soldiers, and Dersu Uzala are films I really like. I'm looking for a gambling movie.	The Cooler
2 What else is that about?	gambling, Casino
3 I rate r movies. Any other suggestions?	Two for the Money

1 The Kid, Ed Wood, The Sixth Sense, The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl, The Emerald Forest, Waiting for Guffman, and Unforgiven are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 1 movie.	Caligula
2 What else is that about?	erotic, Helen Mirren, 1
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Man Standing

1 Dazed and Confused, Clerks, Pulp Fiction, Babe, The Purple Rose of Cairo, The Brothers McMullen, and The Hudsucker Proxy are films I love. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Wild Bunch
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, violence, library, national film registry, Western, Sam Peckinpah, William Holden, Ernest Borgnine
3 I prefer Roman Polanski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chinatown

1 The Long Goodbye, Purple Noon, Peeping Tom, Goodfellas, M, Psycho, and The Godfather are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hamlet
2 Who is that directed by?	Laurence Olivier
3 I rate Stacie Passon movies. Any other suggestions?	Concussion

1 Grease, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Hearts in Atlantis, Gremlins, Ice Age, Face/Off, and The Green Mile are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Kevin Spacey movie.	American Beauty
2 What else is that about?	Drama, satire, Music, cinematography, r, sexuality, story, Love, Kevin Spacey, cynical, own, midlife crisis, 3, Sam Mendes, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, beauty, Mena Suvari, mid-life crisis, Allison Janney
3 I rate noir movies. Any other suggestions?	L.A. Confidential

1 I watched the films Gone Baby Gone, Full Metal Jacket, Trainspotting, Fight Club, North by Northwest, Hot Fuzz, and The Royal Tenenbaums and loved them. I'm looking for an Uwe Boll movie.	House of the Dead
2 What else is that about?	Uwe Boll
3 I like Til Schweiger movies more. Do you know anything else?	Far Cry

1 The Incredibles, Some Like It Hot, North by Northwest, Goodfellas, Animal House, Raging Bull, and Sense and Sensibility are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner
3 I rate Rouben Mamoulian movies. Any other suggestions?	Silk Stockings

1 I watched the films Schindler's List, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, The Lives of Others, To Kill a Mockingbird, Ikiru, and Matewan and loved them. I'm looking for a Good movie.	The Great Santini
2 Who does that star?	Robert Duvall, Blythe Danner, Michael O'Keefe, Lisa Jane Persky
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I watched the films The Manchurian Candidate and Casablanca and loved them. I'm looking for a chow yun fat movie.	The Killer
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo

1 I really liked Fight Club, Muriel's Wedding, Terms of Endearment, Amélie, Moonstruck, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and L.A. Confidential. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Priest
2 Who is that directed by?	Antonia Bird
3 I like Kyle Patrick Alvarez movies more. Do you know anything else?	Easier with Practice

1 Anatomy of a Murder, Some Like It Hot, Titanic, The King and I, Frances, Gigi, and Dracula are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Campbell Scott movie.	Longtime Companion
2 What else is that about?	aids, Campbell Scott
3 I like r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Night

1 Strictly Ballroom, Gone with the Wind, Contact, Casablanca, Carrie, The Wizard of Oz, and Heathers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Diane Keaton movie.	Unstrung Heroes
2 What else is that about?	Diane Keaton
3 I rate New York movies. Any other suggestions?	Annie Hall

1 Aladdin, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Forrest Gump, Monsters, Inc., Toy Story, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire are films I love. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I prefer French movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Town Called Panic

1 I like The NeverEnding Story, Happy Gilmore, Pulp Fiction, Unbreakable, Top Gun, The Fugitive, and Glory. I'm looking for a murder movie.	For Your Eyes Only
2 Who does that star?	Roger Moore
3 I like Mathieu Amalric movies more. Do you know anything else?	Quantum of Solace

1 I like Sleepless in Seattle, American Beauty, Sense and Sensibility, Man on the Moon, Election, When Harry Met Sally..., and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a Teri Polo movie.	Meet the Parents
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Blythe Danner, Teri Polo
3 I prefer Charlie Sheen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Arrival

1 Apollo 13, Mrs. Doubtfire, Ghost, Forrest Gump, The Birdcage, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a disease movie.	Outbreak
2 Who is that directed by?	Wolfgang Petersen
3 I like Steven Soderbergh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Contagion

1 I loved Memento, National Lampoon's Vacation, Finding Neverland, The Magnificent Seven, Goldfinger, As Good as It Gets, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a Christopher Lee movie.	The Man with the Golden Gun
2 Who is that directed by?	Guy Hamilton
3 I prefer Alan Gibson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dracula A.D. 1972

1 Batman Begins, Heat, Rain Man, The Silence of the Lambs, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Departed, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Wizard of Oz
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Music, War, Musical, original, national film registry, own, get, midgets, Victor Fleming, Judy Garland, technicolor, oz, Jack Haley
3 I like Don Coscarelli movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Beastmaster

1 I really liked American Beauty, Braveheart, L.A. Confidential, The Mask of Zorro, Dances with Wolves, Sliding Doors, and Con Air. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	L.A. Story
2 What else is that about?	surreal, story, los angeles, Steve Martin, tv, Mick Jackson, weather forecaster
3 I like Sacha Baron Cohen movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dictator

1 I really liked Cyrano de Bergerac, L.A. Confidential, Monsters, Inc., Raiders of the Lost Ark, Elizabeth, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and The Wrong Trousers. I'm looking for a china movie.	Raise the Red Lantern
2 What else is that about?	china, 1920s, Chinese, zhang yimou, gong li
3 I prefer Jon Avnet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Corner

1 Ice Age, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, True Grit, Lethal Weapon 3, Maverick, Fantasia, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a Peter Sellers movie.	The Return of the Pink Panther
2 What else is that about?	Peter Sellers, series
3 I rate party movies. Any other suggestions?	The Party

1 Oldboy, Inglourious Basterds, The Sixth Sense, Army of Darkness, Blade, 300, and Sin City are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Aliens
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer Ken Annakin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking

1 I like Blade Runner, Rounders, The Exorcist, The Game, Saw, The Matrix, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	I'm Not Scared
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, kidnapping, 1970s, italy, Gabriele Salvatores
3 I rate Marisa Tomei movies. Any other suggestions?	The Lincoln Lawyer

1 I really liked Die Hard, Heathers, Casablanca, Fargo, Dead Man Walking, Leaving Las Vegas, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a History movie.	The Celluloid Closet
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Epstein, Jeffrey Friedman
3 I prefer Carl Theodor Dreyer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Passion of Joan of Arc

1 I like Casino Royale, Monsters, Inc., The Bridge on the River Kwai, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Battle of Algiers, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a story movie.	Judgment at Nuremberg
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kramer
3 I rate Martin Campbell movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mask of Zorro

1 The Departed, Rushmore, The Station Agent, Smoke, Lost in Translation, Gandhi, and Barton Fink are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Machinist
2 What else is that about?	psychological, r, Christian Bale, Brad Anderson
3 I prefer story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Undertow

1 The NeverEnding Story, Peter Pan, Mary Poppins, Closer, Gattaca, Moulin Rouge!, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Gene Kelly movie.	That's Entertainment, Part II
2 Who does that star?	Mickey Rooney, Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire
3 I prefer Jean Hagen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Singin' in the Rain

1 I like The Lives of Others, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Back to the Future, Back to the Future Part III, and Payback. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Jaws 3-D
2 What else is that about?	franchise, sequel, shark
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Storage 24

1 I really like Clear and Present Danger, Jurassic Park, Crimson Tide, The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for a scottish movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I prefer 1980s movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trainspotting

1 Citizen Kane, The Fugitive, The Deer Hunter, Beauty and the Beast, Office Space, Tin Cup, and The Usual Suspects are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Practical Magic
2 What else is that about?	Magic, own, Sandra Bullock, Nicole Kidman, women, Dianne Wiest, Stockard Channing
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Wedding Crashers

1 The Blues Brothers, Independence Day, There's Something About Mary, Vertigo, Little Big Man, Reservoir Dogs, and She's All That are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Outlaw Josey Wales
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Clint Eastwood, national film registry, Western, civil war, american civil war, eastwood
3 I like Joan Crawford movies more. Do you know anything else?	Johnny Guitar

1 The Holiday, Anna Karenina, The Man with the Golden Gun, Trading Places, The Other Boleyn Girl, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and You Only Live Twice are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Ben Stiller movie.	Along Came Polly
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ben Stiller, Jennifer Aniston, John Hamburg
3 I like Janeane Garofalo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Reality Bites

1 I love The Godfather, The Station Agent, All That Jazz, The African Queen, Sideways, Girl, Interrupted, and The English Patient. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Longest Yard
2 What else is that about?	sports, football
3 I like Santa Claus movies more. Do you know anything else?	Santa's Slay

1 Out of Sight, The Godfather, 12 Angry Men, Eyes Wide Shut, Arlington Road, A Few Good Men, and Chinatown are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Crime, british, Jason Statham, Guy Ritchie, Vinnie Jones, debt
3 I prefer Christopher Walken movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stand Up Guys

1 I loved A Close Shave, Friday, Blade Runner, The Sound of Music, All About Eve, The Silence of the Lambs, and Willow. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Cement Garden
2 Who does that star?	Charlotte Gainsbourg, Andrew Robertson
3 I rate Forest Whitaker movies. Any other suggestions?	Mary

1 I really like Liar Liar, Airplane!, Witness, On Golden Pond, Hoosiers, Good Morning, Vietnam, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	Spaceballs
2 Who does that star?	Bill Pullman, Rick Moranis, John Candy, Mel Brooks
3 I like Linda Fiorentino movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Last Seduction

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Shawshank Redemption, and Casablanca are films I really liked. I'm looking for a supernatural movie.	The Frighteners
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Jackson
3 I rate M. Night Shyamalan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Sixth Sense

1 Manhattan, Superman, The Squid and the Whale, My Fair Lady, The Commitments, The Blues Brothers, and Rushmore are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Police Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Jackie Chan
3 I prefer Wolfgang Petersen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Air Force One

1 Catch Me If You Can, Alien, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Night Shift, Almost Famous, The Terminator, and Real Genius are movies I like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Brainstorm
2 Who is that directed by?	William Conrad

1 I liked Cool Hand Luke, Bambi, Cahill U.S. Marshal, Tora! Tora! Tora!, Dirty Harry, Beau Geste, and Meet John Doe. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	The Bridge at Remagen
2 What else is that about?	world war ii
3 I like Fred MacMurray movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Caine Mutiny

1 I liked The African Queen, Brazil, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Fly, Jurassic Park, Re-Animator, and Raiders of the Lost Ark. I'm looking for a remake movie.	A Nightmare on Elm Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Samuel Bayer
3 I like Harold Ramis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bedazzled

1 It's a Wonderful Life, Casablanca, Mr. Holland's Opus, Strictly Ballroom, Gone with the Wind, Apollo 13, and The Killing Fields are films I really like. I'm looking for a Rob Reiner movie.	When Harry Met Sally...
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Reiner

1 For a Few Dollars More, Whale Rider, All About My Mother, Bonnie and Clyde, Eyes Wide Shut, It Happened One Night, and Diva are films I loved. I'm looking for a Joseph L. Mankiewicz movie.	Guys and Dolls
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Broadway, Marlon Brando, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Frank Sinatra
3 I prefer Anne Baxter movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	All About Eve

1 Mister Roberts, Heat, As Good as It Gets, Contact, The Thomas Crown Affair, Stargate, and Giant are films I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Angry Red Planet
2 Who does that star?	Gerald Mohr

1 I liked Seconds, Romper Stomper, Visitor Q, Requiem for a Dream, F for Fake, Ocean's Eleven, and Ratatouille. I'm looking for a jay and silent bob movie.	Mallrats
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, view askew, jay and silent bob, Jason Lee
3 I rate theater movies. Any other suggestions?	Clerks

1 How to Train Your Dragon, Avatar, Space Jam, Miss Congeniality, Alice in Wonderland, Kick-Ass, and Zombieland are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Jamie Foxx movie.	Law Abiding Citizen
2 What else is that about?	Gerard Butler, Jamie Foxx, F. Gary Gray
3 I rate Sam Mendes movies. Any other suggestions?	Jarhead

1 I love Dogma, L.A. Confidential, American Beauty, Gladiator, Ghostbusters, The Matrix, and Top Gun. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I prefer Amy Irving movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bossa Nova

1 The Usual Suspects, Reservoir Dogs, The Fighter, Avatar, Saving Private Ryan, The Dark Knight, and Star Trek are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Notebook
2 Who is that directed by?	János Szász
3 I prefer Fletcher Markle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man with a Cloak

1 I love Brazil, Down by Law, Jesus' Son, The Royal Tenenbaums, Barton Fink, Chungking Express, and Raising Arizona. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Lives of Others
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, germany, art, German, berlin, foreign, stasi, deutsch, Martina Gedeck, human
3 I rate Edward James Olmos movies. Any other suggestions?	Selena

1 I loved Pulp Fiction, Casino, Twister, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, A Bronx Tale, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I prefer Jim McBride movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Great Balls of Fire!

1 I really liked To Kill a Mockingbird, MASH, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Full Metal Jacket, Yojimbo, Reservoir Dogs, and It Happened One Night. I'm looking for a sword movie.	Excalibur
2 Who does that star?	Helen Mirren, Nicholas Clay, Cherie Lunghi, Nigel Terry

1 Superbad, The 400 Blows, Slumdog Millionaire, Fargo, Home Alone, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Jurassic Park are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gran Torino
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood, Ahney Her, Christopher Carley, Bee Vang
3 I rate Claudette Colbert movies. Any other suggestions?	Honor Among Lovers

1 Aladdin, The Brothers McMullen, The Usual Suspects, Mr. Holland's Opus, Short Cuts, In the Name of the Father, and Philadelphia are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Kiss of Death
2 Who does that star?	Richard Widmark, Coleen Gray, Victor Mature, Brian Donlevy
3 I prefer Joel Kinnaman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Easy Money

1 Primer, The Godfather, 8½, The Silence of the Lambs, The Game, Night on Earth, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jim Jarmusch movie.	Coffee and Cigarettes
2 What else is that about?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I prefer deadpan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Stranger Than Paradise

1 Castle in the Sky, Lost in Translation, Memoirs of a Geisha, The Pianist, National Treasure, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and The Game are films I love. I'm looking for a studio ghibli movie.	The Cat Returns
2 Who is that directed by?	Hiroyuki Morita
3 I like Hayao Miyazaki movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spirited Away

1 I liked Scary Movie 2, Bruce Almighty, Major Payne, Ratatouille, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Scary Movie, and Armageddon. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Coyote Ugly
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romantic Comedy, Piper Perabo
3 I prefer Edward Norton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Leaves of Grass

1 Raising Arizona, Alien, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Fargo, Cool Hand Luke, The Graduate, and In the Heat of the Night are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Favorite Year
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Peter O'Toole, Richard Benjamin
3 I prefer Woody Harrelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big White

1 I like Play It Again, Sam, The Hours, Total Recall, Burden of Dreams, Escape from Alcatraz, Charly, and Die Hard. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Duellists
2 What else is that about?	Ridley Scott, Joseph Conrad
3 I prefer Tony Richardson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Delicate Balance

1 I watched the films Rushmore, Iron Man, Ghostbusters, and The Dark Knight and loved them. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I prefer Peter Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Warlords

1 Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, As Good as It Gets, Pi, Stand by Me, Easy Rider, The Celluloid Closet, and Dead Poets Society are films I liked. I'm looking for a cameos movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 What else is that about?	muppets, cameos, Jim Henson, kermit

1 King Kong, Psycho, Seven Samurai, Bicycle Thieves, The Pianist, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Edward Scissorhands are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Village
2 What else is that about?	psychological, own, M. Night Shyamalan, cult, village, shyamalan
3 I like Thriller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Raising Cain

1 I love Donnie Brasco, Sense and Sensibility, Ransom, A Time to Kill, Mr. Holland's Opus, The People vs. Larry Flynt, and Courage Under Fire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Tin Cup
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Costner, Rene Russo, Cheech Marin, Don Johnson
3 I rate Tom Cruise movies. Any other suggestions?	Knight and Day

1 Boys on the Side, The Rock, Mr. Holland's Opus, Twister, The Client, The Lion King, and Apollo 13 are films I loved. I'm looking for a Paul Newman movie.	Nobody's Fool
2 What else is that about?	Paul Newman, Robert Benton
3 I like Tom Hanks movies more. Do you know anything else?	Road to Perdition

1 I watched the films The Net, The Silence of the Lambs, True Lies, Forrest Gump, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, and The Shawshank Redemption and loved them. I'm looking for a Wolfgang Petersen movie.	Outbreak
2 Who does that star?	Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, Dustin Hoffman, Rene Russo
3 I prefer John C. Reilly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Perfect Storm

1 Ran, Vertigo, Ratatouille, Ikiru, Lawrence of Arabia, Singin' in the Rain, and Close Encounters of the Third Kind are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Hedwig and the Angry Inch
2 Who is that directed by?	John Cameron Mitchell
3 I prefer Michael Ritchie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Fantasticks

1 Lethal Weapon 3, My Cousin Vinny, Men in Black, Dead Poets Society, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Arsenic and Old Lace, and MASH are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	National Lampoon's Vacation
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chevy Chase, national lampoon, Harold Ramis, vacation, Randy Quaid
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cameraman

1 The Manchurian Candidate, Midnight Cowboy, Das Boot, The Graduate, Manhattan, Rebecca, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for a creative movie.	Topsy-Turvy
2 Who does that star?	Allan Corduner

1 Gone with the Wind, Chariots of Fire, A Time to Kill, Emma, Rush Hour, Sense and Sensibility, and Sabrina are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Quiet Man
2 Who does that star?	John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Ward Bond, Barry Fitzgerald
3 I like Fairuza Balk movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Waterboy

1 Run Lola Run, True Romance, The Hustler, Moulin Rouge!, The Grifters, A Knight's Tale, and Until the End of the World are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Angel Heart
2 Who does that star?	Robert De Niro, Mickey Rourke, Lisa Bonet
3 I like Kimberly J. Brown movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Bad Wolf

1 I loved Persuasion, Victor Victoria, American Beauty, Top Hat, Galaxy Quest, Roman Holiday, and Erin Brockovich. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	The Gay Divorcee
2 What else is that about?	Divorce, Mark Sandrich, Eric Blore
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Starstruck

1 Down by Law, Harold and Maude, Moonstruck, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Waiting for Guffman, Bringing Up Baby, and Wings of Desire are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Take the Money and Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Woody Allen
3 I like Martin Ritt movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Front

1 Rushmore, Aladdin, Jaws, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bowfinger
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, hollywood, Eddie Murphy, Steve Martin, Frank Oz
3 I prefer Danny DeVito movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ruthless People

1 I like Stand by Me, Pan's Labyrinth, The Usual Suspects, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Schindler's List, Rear Window, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	District 9
2 Who does that star?	Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope
3 I like Laurence Fishburne movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Company

1 I like The Sixth Sense, Much Ado About Nothing, Cool Hand Luke, The Sting, Saving Private Ryan, Wag the Dog, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Patch Adams
2 Who does that star?	Robin Williams
3 I rate Alessandro Nivola movies. Any other suggestions?	Janie Jones

1 I liked The Princess Bride, The Prestige, A Clockwork Orange, There Will Be Blood, Shaun of the Dead, Magnolia, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a security guard movie.	Unbreakable
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson
3 I like Ilkka Koivula movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lights in the Dusk

1 The Little Mermaid, The Wrong Trousers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, James and the Giant Peach, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Shrek, and The Abyss are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a super-hero movie.	X-Men
2 What else is that about?	superhero, franchise, ensemble cast, future, marvel, Hugh Jackman, super-hero, Patrick Stewart, Mutants, Halle Berry, Ian McKellen, comics, Bryan Singer, X-Men, superhero team, James Marsden, wolverine, tolerance, Rogue
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Hellboy

1 Batman Forever, The Specialist, Forrest Gump, Broken Arrow, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, and Waterworld are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Santa Clause
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, christmas, Tim Allen, Santa Claus, John Pasquin
3 I prefer Tobey Maguire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pleasantville

1 I watched the films Gattaca, Back to the Future Part II, Crimes and Misdemeanors, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Mister Roberts, The African Queen, and The Return of Martin Guerre and loved them. I'm looking for a Fred Zinnemann movie.	A Man for All Seasons
2 What else is that about?	stage, Fred Zinnemann, Paul Scofield
3 I like national film registry movies more. Do you know anything else?	Oklahoma!

1 The Color Purple, Cool Hand Luke, The Little Mermaid, Dances with Wolves, American History X, Les Misérables, and Ben-Hur are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amistad
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, historical, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, united states
3 I like Lloyd Bacon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Marked Woman

1 Shallow Grave, Murder in the First, Beauty and the Beast, Toy Story, Pulp Fiction, Ed Wood, and Braveheart are films I love. I'm looking for an Angela Bassett movie.	What's Love Got to Do with It
2 What else is that about?	biopic, Angela Bassett
3 I like Marlon Brando movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Score

1 Life Is Beautiful, Metropolis, Boogie Nights, Dead Man Walking, Spider-Man, Miracle on 34th Street, and The Fugitive are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rod Serling movie.	Planet of the Apes
2 What else is that about?	original, science fiction, national film registry, script, Charlton Heston, Franklin J. Schaffner, Rod Serling
3 I prefer Ralph Nelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Requiem for a Heavyweight

1 Dolores Claiborne, The Usual Suspects, Devil in a Blue Dress, The Madness of King George, The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain, Boys on the Side, and Waterworld are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I rate Matthew Vaughn movies. Any other suggestions?	Stardust

1 I really like The Jungle Book, The Royal Tenenbaums, Emma, Bull Durham, High Fidelity, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Traffic. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Matrix, A Clockwork Orange, Inception, Fight Club, Full Metal Jacket, Starship Troopers, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	City of God
2 Who does that star?	Douglas Silva, Leandro Firmino, Alexandre Rodrigues
3 I rate Charlie David movies. Any other suggestions?	Judas Kiss

1 I watched the films Wreck-It Ralph, GoldenEye, The Spy Who Loved Me, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, The Adventures of Tintin, Sherlock Holmes, and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Gods Must Be Crazy II
2 Who is that directed by?	Jamie Uys
3 I rate Whit Stillman movies. Any other suggestions?	Barcelona

1 Frankenstein, Return to Oz, King Kong, The War of the Worlds, High Noon, Barbarella, and Key Largo are movies I love. I'm looking for a Titanic movie.	A Night to Remember
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Titanic, Roy Ward Baker
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Night to Remember

1 The American President, Executive Decision, Happy Gilmore, Father of the Bride Part II, The Nutty Professor, Jumanji, and The River Wild are films I loved. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Jackie Chan, hong kong
3 I rate 18th century movies. Any other suggestions?	Brotherhood of the Wolf

1 Six Degrees of Separation, Manhattan, Rushmore, Strictly Ballroom, Dead Man Walking, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Midnight Cowboy are movies I really like. I'm looking for a gay movie.	Trick
2 What else is that about?	gay
3 I like Tom Ford movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Single Man

1 I like Stargate, Beverly Hills Cop III, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, and Clueless. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I prefer Stanley Kubrick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barry Lyndon

1 Sleeping Beauty, The Prestige, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Philadelphia, Gaslight, Hot Fuzz, and Gosford Park are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a biopic movie.	Baadasssss!
2 What else is that about?	biopic, Mario Van Peebles
3 I like painter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Frida

1 Heat, Miller's Crossing, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Casablanca, Marathon Man, Saving Private Ryan, and Charade are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sleuth
2 What else is that about?	r, Michael Caine, Jude Law, Harold Pinter
3 I like Mila Kunis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Boot Camp

1 I really liked The Fugitive, The Piano, Philadelphia, Pulp Fiction, Braveheart, The Bridges of Madison County, and Fargo. I'm looking for an Action movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I like Don Chaffey movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pete's Dragon

1 Superman II, Apocalypse Now, Pulp Fiction, Witness, Forrest Gump, Mr. Holland's Opus, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Where the Heart Is
2 Who is that directed by?	John Boorman
3 I prefer Dan Scanlon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Monsters University

1 I love Gattaca, The Big Blue, My Own Private Idaho, Birdy, The Nightmare Before Christmas, High Fidelity, and The Bridge on the River Kwai. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Until the End of the World
2 What else is that about?	German, Wim Wenders
3 I prefer Italian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Malèna

1 I watched the films Army of Darkness, The Great Muppet Caper, Run Lola Run, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Akira, The Evil Dead, and Meet the Parents and loved them. I'm looking for a violent movie.	Gangs of New York
2 What else is that about?	violent, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, story, Martin Scorsese, New York, gangs
3 I like violence movies more. Do you know anything else?	A History of Violence

1 Bringing Up Baby, Rosemary's Baby, Strange Days, Eternity and a Day, Unforgiven, The Matrix, and Rear Window are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	North by Northwest
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I rate John Boorman movies. Any other suggestions?	Deliverance

1 300, Donnie Darko, Fight Club, City of God, Hotel Rwanda, The Sixth Sense, and The Secret Garden are films I really like. I'm looking for a Short movie.	A Short Film About Killing
2 Who does that star?	Krzysztof Globisz, Jan Tesarz
3 I rate Edward F. Cline movies. Any other suggestions?	Convict 13

1 Mighty Aphrodite, Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood, The Juror, Casino, Mr. Wrong, City Hall, and Batman are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	If Lucy Fell
2 Who is that directed by?	Eric Schaeffer
3 I prefer Thor Freudenthal movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hotel for Dogs

1 While You Were Sleeping, Nine Months, Outbreak, Dave, The Net, Demolition Man, and A Walk in the Clouds are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Joel Schumacher movie.	Batman Forever
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jim Carrey, Batman, super-hero, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones, Val Kilmer, dc comics, dc, Joel Schumacher
3 I like Trial movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Time to Kill

1 I like Forrest Gump, The Terminator, Contact, Monsters, Inc., Highlander, Shrek, and Total Recall. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Watchmen
2 Who does that star?	Billy Crudup, Matthew Goode, Jackie Earle Haley
3 I rate Martin Lawrence movies. Any other suggestions?	Bad Boys II

1 The Dark Crystal, Akira, Starship Troopers, Dune, Pi, Chicken Run, and Time Bandits are films I like. I'm looking for a Norman Z. McLeod movie.	Alice in Wonderland
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Gary Cooper, Norman Z. McLeod
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Merrily We Live

1 I loved Mansfield Park, Batman, Schindler's List, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Hoop Dreams, Babe, and Get Shorty. I'm looking for a John Steinbeck movie.	East of Eden
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I rate John Ford movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grapes of Wrath

1 I loved The Art of War, The World Is Not Enough, Air Force One, Lethal Weapon 4, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Independence Day, and Double Jeopardy. I'm looking for a David Morse movie.	Proof of Life
2 Who does that star?	Russell Crowe, David Morse, Meg Ryan
3 I prefer Sarah Roemer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Disturbia

1 Princess Mononoke, Rear Window, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Almost Famous, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Wrong Trousers, and Delicatessen are movies I like. I'm looking for a Truman Capote movie.	Breakfast at Tiffany's
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Audrey Hepburn, Truman Capote, Blake Edwards, Mickey Rooney, Capote
3 I like Mystery movies more. Do you know anything else?	Murder by Death

1 Full Metal Jacket, The Hurricane, Man on Fire, Toy Story, Cinderella Man, Taxi Driver, and Top Gun are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a mouse movie.	The Rescuers
2 What else is that about?	disney, mouse, mice, Bob Newhart, Eva Gabor
3 I rate Ron Clements movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Mouse Detective

1 I really liked Four Weddings and a Funeral, Sleepless in Seattle, Batman, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Forrest Gump, The Birdcage, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Boys on the Side
2 What else is that about?	Drew Barrymore, Whoopi Goldberg
3 I rate Paul Thomas Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	Punch-Drunk Love

1 A Man for All Seasons, Annie Hall, The Conformist, The General, The Jungle Book, The Philadelphia Story, and Pork Chop Hill are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Rocketeer
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jennifer Connelly, Timothy Dalton, Joe Johnston
3 I prefer Batman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Catwoman

1 Henry V, Thank You for Smoking, Superman, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Big Sleep, Barbarella, and Aguirre, the Wrath of God are films I liked. I'm looking for a Bille August movie.	Pelle the Conqueror
2 What else is that about?	immigrants, Max von Sydow, Bille August

1 The Shining, Gladiator, Casino, Ninja Scroll, Alien, A Few Good Men, and American Beauty are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 Who does that star?	Johnny Depp, Al Pacino, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby
3 I like Richard Egan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Violent Saturday

1 I watched the films Raising Arizona, North by Northwest, The Wrong Trousers, Chasing Amy, The Killing Fields, Apocalypse Now, and Jean de Florette and loved them. I'm looking for an Anne Baxter movie.	All About Eve
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, Broadway, Bette Davis, best picture, Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Anne Baxter

1 Army of Darkness, The Grifters, The Birds, Alien, The Thing, The Dead Zone, and Evil Dead II are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I prefer Andy Lau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rich and Famous

1 True Lies, Rudy, Fled, A Time to Kill, Emma, Beautiful Girls, and A Walk in the Clouds are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who does that star?	Randolph Scott, Binnie Barnes, Henry Wilcoxon
3 I prefer Joel McCrea movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bird of Paradise

1 Cabaret, Sling Blade, Tampopo, The Truman Show, Groundhog Day, Short Cuts, and Rosemary's Baby are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Tom Waits movie.	Night on Earth
2 What else is that about?	Jim Jarmusch, Tom Waits
3 I prefer slow movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Down by Law

1 I love The Last Samurai, Jumanji, Fracture, Air Force One, Bicentennial Man, Toy Story, and Predator. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Push
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul McGuigan
3 I prefer Neil Jordan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Dreams

1 The Rock, Erin Brockovich, Soul Food, Lethal Weapon 3, The Matrix, Lethal Weapon 4, and The Hunt for Red October are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Hercules
2 Who is that directed by?	Brett Ratner
3 I like King Vidor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bird of Paradise

1 Pan's Labyrinth, James and the Giant Peach, Titanic, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Edward Scissorhands, The King's Speech, and Black Knight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Green Hornet
2 What else is that about?	Action, comic book, Seth Rogen, 3d, Cameron Diaz, Christoph Waltz, Michel Gondry, Jay Chou
3 I prefer Shane West movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Echelon Conspiracy

1 Run Lola Run, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Once Upon a Time in the West, The Matrix, Vertigo, Sense and Sensibility, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Sicko
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Moore
3 I rate Denis Delestrac movies. Any other suggestions?	Pax Americana and the Weaponization of Space

1 Ed Wood, Taxi Driver, Trainspotting, The Matrix, The French Connection, Goodfellas, and Ghostbusters are films I liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Devil Rides Out
2 What else is that about?	Devil, occult, Christopher Lee, Richard Matheson, hammer film productions, Terence Fisher
3 I prefer cronenberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Dead Zone

1 Forrest Gump, True Lies, Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Seven Samurai, Pulp Fiction, Apocalypto, and Alien are movies I love. I'm looking for a George Sidney movie.	Scaramouche
2 Who is that directed by?	George Sidney

1 Apocalypse Now, The Game, Gone with the Wind, The Insider, Apollo 13, Citizen Kane, and Almost Famous are films I really liked. I'm looking for a cinema movie.	Cinema Paradiso
2 What else is that about?	Italian, Giuseppe Tornatore, cinema

1 True Romance, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Independence Day, Philadelphia, Home Alone, and Clueless are movies I like. I'm looking for a Keanu Reeves movie.	A Walk in the Clouds
2 What else is that about?	Keanu Reeves
3 I prefer angels movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Constantine

1 Das Boot, Ocean's Eleven, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Little Big Man, The Jungle Book, Schindler's List, and Gladiator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cyrano de Bergerac
2 Who does that star?	Gérard Depardieu, Anne Brochet
3 I like Betty Buckley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tender Mercies

1 I love Cold Comfort Farm, Sense and Sensibility, Trainspotting, The English Patient, Primal Fear, Hamlet, and Big Night. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The First Wives Club
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, women, Divorce, Goldie Hawn
3 I rate iceland movies. Any other suggestions?	Polite People

1 Pulp Fiction, Hard Boiled, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Manchurian Candidate, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Young Frankenstein are films I really liked. I'm looking for a stoner movie.	Friday
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I prefer Danny Leiner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dude, Where's My Car?

1 Cabaret, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Fargo, A Clockwork Orange, Victor Victoria, Jaws, and The Exorcist are movies I like. I'm looking for a Bob Clark movie.	A Christmas Story
2 Who is that directed by?	Bob Clark

1 The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Toy Story 2, Glory, Braveheart, The Hunt for Red October, October Sky, and Gattaca are films I loved. I'm looking for a space movie.	Galaxy Quest
2 Who is that directed by?	Dean Parisot
3 I rate Mel Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	Spaceballs

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Sabrina, Forrest Gump, Much Ado About Nothing, Romeo + Juliet, Persuasion, and Schindler's List are movies I love. I'm looking for a Music movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I rate Nastassja Kinski movies. Any other suggestions?	Unfaithfully Yours

1 I liked Big, Life as a House, Independence Day, Pretty Woman, Shakespeare in Love, What Dreams May Come, and Sixteen Candles. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Varsity Blues
2 What else is that about?	High School, sports, football, Texas
3 I rate Sydney Pollack movies. Any other suggestions?	Husbands and Wives

1 The African Queen, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Brazil, All About Eve, The Iron Giant, Torch Song Trilogy, and Cool Hand Luke are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The King of Comedy
2 What else is that about?	Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, Jerry Lewis
3 I prefer basketball movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Juwanna Mann

1 Sleepless in Seattle, The Lion King, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, The Rock, Cliffhanger, and Ghost are films I loved. I'm looking for a Santa Claus movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 What else is that about?	remake, christmas, Santa Claus, Richard Attenborough, Elizabeth Perkins
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Rise of the Guardians

1 I watched the films Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Spirited Away, The Mission, The Magnificent Seven, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Much Ado About Nothing and loved them. I'm looking for a story movie.	My Fair Lady
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor
3 I prefer Tim Burton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Big Fish

1 Evil Dead II, The Terminator, Clerks, Braveheart, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Toy Story, and Trainspotting are movies I love. I'm looking for a Joseph Fiennes movie.	Shakespeare in Love
2 Who is that directed by?	John Madden
3 I like Bernardo Bertolucci movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stealing Beauty

1 Evil Dead II, Meet the Parents, Waiting for Guffman, The Gift, Groundhog Day, Goodfellas, and The Talented Mr. Ripley are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Bandits
2 What else is that about?	Bruce Willis, Cate Blanchett, Barry Levinson
3 I like dark movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shallow Grave

1 Beauty and the Beast, Toy Story, The Shawshank Redemption, and Pulp Fiction are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Aladdin
2 Who is that directed by?	John Musker, Ron Clements
3 I like Ralph Bakshi movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Pop

1 I like La Grande Illusion, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Matewan, and The Seventh Seal. I'm looking for a realism movie.	Bicycle Thieves
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Family, realism, Italian, rome, Vittorio De Sica, searching, Thieves, neorealism
3 I rate bengal movies. Any other suggestions?	Pather Panchali

1 Babe, The Birds, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Shakespeare in Love, Schindler's List, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Memento are films I love. I'm looking for a Helen Hunt movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt
3 I prefer Tim Thomerson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Trancers

1 Castle in the Sky, Grave of the Fireflies, Princess Mononoke, Office Space, Spirited Away, and Drunken Master are films I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	My Neighbor Totoro
2 Who does that star?	Chika Sakamoto, Noriko Hidaka, Hitoshi Takagi
3 I prefer Mia Sara movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Legend

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Usual Suspects, Trainspotting, Highlander, Heathers, and The Princess Bride are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 Who is that directed by?	Noah Baumbach
3 I prefer Danny Boyle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shallow Grave

1 I loved Ran, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro, Brazil, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Das Boot, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a kurosawa movie.	Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Dreams, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, Life
3 I prefer tokyo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ikiru

1 I like Son of Dracula, Rain Man, Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man, The Exorcist, Dracula, Lake Placid, and Jurassic Park. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	Jurassic Park III
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, franchise, sequel, Michael Crichton, visual effects, Joe Johnston
3 I like Police movies more. Do you know anything else?	Saw II

1 National Lampoon's Vacation, The Breakfast Club, The Natural, The Shawshank Redemption, Good Morning, Vietnam, The Hudsucker Proxy, and L.A. Confidential are films I like. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Donnie Brasco
2 What else is that about?	True Story, Johnny Depp, new york city, mafia, Al Pacino, 1970s, fbi, Mike Newell, Anne Heche, Bruno Kirby
3 I like Woody Allen movies more. Do you know anything else?	Manhattan

1 Richard III, Inception, Limitless, Casino Royale, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Lego Movie, and From Russia with Love are movies I liked. I'm looking for a David Cronenberg movie.	Cosmopolis
2 Who is that directed by?	David Cronenberg

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, Legends of the Fall, The Net, Speed, Mrs. Doubtfire, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	The Client
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I rate Andrew Davis movies. Any other suggestions?	Under Siege

1 The Social Network, Pan's Labyrinth, Bonnie and Clyde, MASH, The Year of Living Dangerously, Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore, and The Iron Giant are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Wind
2 Who does that star?	Lillian Gish, Lars Hanson, Montagu Love
3 I like Joaquin Phoenix movies more. Do you know anything else?	Two Lovers

1 Aguirre, the Wrath of God, Die Hard, The Shawshank Redemption, The Sting, Strangers on a Train, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Capote are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Night at the Opera
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Wood
3 I like Harry A. Pollard movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fast Life

1 Trading Places, Six Days Seven Nights, Pretty Woman, The Mask of Zorro, High Fidelity, The Breakfast Club, and Miss Congeniality are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Jack Lemmon movie.	My Fellow Americans
2 Who does that star?	Dan Aykroyd, James Garner, John Heard, Jack Lemmon
3 I rate Walter Matthau movies. Any other suggestions?	Grumpier Old Men

1 I loved Hackers, The Firm, The Silence of the Lambs, The Rock, Clerks, The Mummy, and Toy Story 2. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Bone Collector
2 Who is that directed by?	Phillip Noyce
3 I rate Troy Duffy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Boondock Saints

1 Almost Famous, The Princess Bride, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Erin Brockovich, The Sixth Sense, and Gladiator are movies I liked. I'm looking for a High School movie.	Remember the Titans
2 What else is that about?	Drama, High School, sports, racism, Denzel Washington, Boaz Yakin
3 I prefer Jonah Hill movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	21 Jump Street

1 I watched the films Dogma, Desperado, American Beauty, X-Men, Starship Troopers, And Now for Something Completely Different, and The Transporter and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 2
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate Takashi Miike movies. Any other suggestions?	Crows Zero

1 The Nutty Professor, Spy Hard, Vegas Vacation, Twister, Men in Black, The River Wild, and Down Periscope are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	High School High
2 Who does that star?	Mekhi Phifer, Tia Carrere, Jon Lovitz, Louise Fletcher
3 I rate Woody Harrelson movies. Any other suggestions?	A Prairie Home Companion

1 My Neighbor Totoro, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Big Lebowski, The Matrix, American Psycho, Fight Club, and Spirited Away are films I really like. I'm looking for a Yoshiaki Kawajiri movie.	Ninja Scroll
2 What else is that about?	Ninja, Yoshiaki Kawajiri

1 I loved The Intouchables, Children of Men, Fight Club, Gran Torino, V for Vendetta, Warrior, and Ronin. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Rango
2 What else is that about?	Johnny Depp, Western, Gore Verbinski
3 I rate Budd Boetticher movies. Any other suggestions?	Seven Men from Now

1 Cyrano de Bergerac, Sullivan's Travels, Out of the Past, Being John Malkovich, Airplane!, Ashes and Diamonds, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really like. I'm looking for a Roommates movie.	4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Cristian Mungiu

1 The Rock, Grumpier Old Men, Mr. Holland's Opus, Happy Gilmore, and Toy Story are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Birdcage
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Tim Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Home

1 Raising Arizona, Being John Malkovich, The Terminator, Blade Runner, Stand by Me, Fargo, and Cinema Paradiso are movies I love. I'm looking for a Lawrence Kasdan movie.	The Big Chill
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan

1 I watched the films Chinatown, Apollo 13, Peter Pan, The Shawshank Redemption, The Wrong Trousers, Saving Private Ryan, and Top Gun and loved them. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Singin' in the Rain
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
3 I like Alan Crosland movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Jazz Singer

1 Casablanca, An Affair to Remember, Philadelphia, Doubt, Hotel Rwanda, Once, and Slumdog Millionaire are films I loved. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Woman of the Year
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, George Stevens
3 I like Bolivia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid

1 I love Girl, Interrupted, I Shot Andy Warhol, Fargo, Schindler's List, The World's Fastest Indian, Nobody Knows, and Almost Famous. I'm looking for a Woody Harrelson movie.	The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio
2 Who does that star?	Julianne Moore, Woody Harrelson, Laura Dern
3 I rate Keanu Reeves movies. Any other suggestions?	A Scanner Darkly

1 Goodfellas, A Streetcar Named Desire, Sid and Nancy, Taxi Driver, Chinatown, The Silence of the Lambs, and Say Anything... are films I liked. I'm looking for a rock and roll movie.	The Doors
2 What else is that about?	drugs, rock and roll, 1960s, biopic, Val Kilmer, Oliver Stone, jim morrison
3 I prefer coming of age movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Graffiti

1 I really liked The Maltese Falcon, The African Queen, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Event Horizon, Entrapment, The Thomas Crown Affair, and Snake Eyes. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lloyd
3 I rate Paul Lukas movies. Any other suggestions?	City Streets

1 Laura, Say Anything..., Play It Again, Sam, The Maltese Falcon, The Shawshank Redemption, Goodbye, Mr. Chips, and American Splendor are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Charade
2 Who does that star?	Cary Grant, Audrey Hepburn, James Coburn, Walter Matthau
3 I rate Annie Clark movies. Any other suggestions?	Solo

1 I love Watchmen, Fight Club, Thank You for Smoking, and District 9. I'm looking for a Josef von Sternberg movie.	Underworld
2 Who is that directed by?	Josef von Sternberg

1 I watched the films Twilight, 27 Dresses, Skyfall, The Help, Frozen, The Maze Runner, and 21 and loved them. I'm looking for a Christopher Nolan movie.	The Dark Knight
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan

1 I watched the films The Remains of the Day, Apollo 13, Dolores Claiborne, Schindler's List, While You Were Sleeping, Rob Roy, and Beauty and the Beast and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Love Affair
2 What else is that about?	ennio morricone
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Svengali

1 I really like In the Mood for Love, Primer, The Princess Bride, Amélie, The Shawshank Redemption, Last Life in the Universe, and The Fall. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Secretary
2 What else is that about?	Romance, sex, erotic, Maggie Gyllenhaal, James Spader, Secretary
3 I prefer New Year's Eve movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	New Year's Eve

1 Happy Gilmore, Natural Born Killers, Fantastic Four, The Book of Eli, Fred Claus, Zodiac, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Eagle Eye
2 What else is that about?	Shia LaBeouf, Michelle Monaghan, ne
3 I rate Jude Law movies. Any other suggestions?	Side Effects

1 Spider-Man, The Matrix, The Wizard of Oz, Evil Dead II, Flatliners, Monsters, Inc., and Ocean's Eleven are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Monster movie.	Dark Floors
2 What else is that about?	Monster
3 I like Roger Corman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Creature from the Haunted Sea

1 Carrie, The Ghost and the Darkness, Congo, Chinatown, Deep Rising, Armageddon, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are films I really like. I'm looking for a slasher movie.	Urban Legend
2 What else is that about?	slasher
3 I rate sequel movies. Any other suggestions?	Scream 3

1 Drunken Master, Akira, Run Lola Run, The Big Lebowski, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Fight Club, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Animal House
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis
3 I like Allan Arkush movies more. Do you know anything else?	Heartbeeps

1 Being John Malkovich, Tommy Boy, Mallrats, Dogma, Dazed and Confused, Chasing Amy, and American Pie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	200 Cigarettes
2 Who does that star?	Ben Affleck, Casey Affleck
3 I like Madhur Mittal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Million Dollar Arm

1 Pulp Fiction, Shrek, The Joy Luck Club, The Last King of Scotland, Thank You for Smoking, Jaws, and Out of Africa are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Jude Law movie.	Enemy at the Gates
2 Who does that star?	Ed Harris, Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, Joseph Fiennes
3 I like Kate Winslet movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Holiday

1 Platoon, The Saint, Contact, Jingle All the Way, Back to the Future Part III, Bedknobs and Broomsticks, and The Rescuers are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 What else is that about?	classic, soundtrack, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, spielberg, ominous, ocean, shark, Richard Dreyfuss, Robert Shaw, Roy Scheider
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Killer Elite

1 The Fugitive, Sense and Sensibility, Babe, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Beauty and the Beast, and The Remains of the Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Ang Lee

1 I really like While You Were Sleeping, Pulp Fiction, Schindler's List, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Leaving Las Vegas, Natural Born Killers, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for an Amy Heckerling movie.	Clueless
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jane Austen, Paul Rudd, Brittany Murphy, Alicia Silverstone, Amy Heckerling
3 I rate Judge Reinhold movies. Any other suggestions?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 I liked My Bodyguard, Beauty and the Beast, Babe, The Dark Crystal, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, Cookie's Fortune, and Nosferatu. I'm looking for a remade movie.	The Producers
2 Who does that star?	Gene Wilder, Kenneth Mars, Zero Mostel, Dick Shawn
3 I like Eric Tsang movies more. Do you know anything else?	Infernal Affairs

1 American Beauty, Shadowlands, The Shawshank Redemption, Black Hawk Down, Traffic, The Joy Luck Club, and Good Will Hunting are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shallow Hal
2 What else is that about?	Jack Black, Gwyneth Paltrow, farrelly brothers, Jason Alexander
3 I prefer arnold movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kindergarten Cop

1 Raging Bull, Finding Nemo, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Jacob's Ladder, North by Northwest, The Princess and the Warrior, and La Femme Nikita are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Better Tomorrow
2 What else is that about?	John Woo
3 I rate Diane Keaton movies. Any other suggestions?	Hanging Up

1 Mad Max, Highlander, Pulp Fiction, Excalibur, Slap Shot, Conan the Barbarian, and Die Hard are films I liked. I'm looking for a Rob Lowe movie.	St. Elmo's Fire
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Schumacher
3 I like Penelope Spheeris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wayne's World

1 Fight Club, Romeo + Juliet, As Good as It Gets, Four Rooms, American History X, Pulp Fiction, and Three Kings are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Road Trip movie.	Road Trip
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Phillips
3 I like Roger Kumble movies more. Do you know anything else?	College Road Trip

1 I really liked Jaws, City Slickers, Sleepy Hollow, Carrie, Species, Ghost, and Rocky. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Raven
2 Who is that directed by?	Ulli Lommel
3 I like Dario Argento movies more. Do you know anything else?	Two Evil Eyes

1 Fantasia, The Basketball Diaries, Batman Begins, Sid and Nancy, The Princess Bride, X-Men, and Spirited Away are films I really liked. I'm looking for a superheroes movie.	Mystery Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, superheroes, William H. Macy
3 I rate Gene Hackman movies. Any other suggestions?	Superman

1 Tombstone, Grumpier Old Men, Executive Decision, Dances with Wolves, The Mask, The Man Without a Face, and Tommy Boy are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Major Payne
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Damon Wayans
3 I rate Tony Richardson movies. Any other suggestions?	The Loved One

1 I loved Paris, Texas, Y Tu Mamá También, Million Dollar Baby, Lost in Translation, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Annie Hall, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Milk
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant
3 I like Franklin J. Schaffner movies more. Do you know anything else?	Patton

1 Toy Story, Swingers, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Usual Suspects, The Princess Bride, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really liked. I'm looking for a M. Night Shyamalan movie.	The Sixth Sense
2 What else is that about?	twist ending, Thriller, Bruce Willis, supernatural, surprise ending, M. Night Shyamalan, twist, 2, Haley Joel Osment, dead, shyamalan
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Airbender

1 My Dinner with Andre, Being There, A Clockwork Orange, Love and Death, Taxi Driver, Z, and Ghostbusters are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Deconstructing Harry
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Anything Else

1 Catch Me If You Can, A Beautiful Mind, The Shawshank Redemption, The Social Network, Once, Amélie, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Bernie Mac movie.	Ocean's Twelve
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, ensemble cast, Matt Damon, Heist, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Steven Soderbergh, Bernie Mac, heist film
3 I prefer Chris Rock movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Head of State

1 I liked The Breakfast Club, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, A League of Their Own, Big, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Birds, and The NeverEnding Story. I'm looking for a writer movie.	Almost Famous
2 Who is that directed by?	Cameron Crowe
3 I like Roman Polanski movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Ghost Writer

1 Goodfellas, The Usual Suspects, Grosse Pointe Blank, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and Scarface are movies I like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Point Break
2 Who is that directed by?	Kathryn Bigelow
3 I prefer Gérard Krawczyk movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wasabi

1 Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind, Shutter Island, Rescue Dawn, Equilibrium, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Casino, and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas are films I love. I'm looking for a Prison movie.	Cell 211
2 What else is that about?	Prison
3 I prefer Oliver Hirschbiegel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Experiment

1 Notorious, His Girl Friday, North by Northwest, Driving Miss Daisy, Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, and Schindler's List are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Seventh Seal
2 What else is that about?	classic, death, medieval, Ingmar Bergman, Swedish, god, chess, Max von Sydow, seven
3 I prefer las vegas movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Showgirls

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Scarface, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, A Christmas Story, The Truman Show, and Where the Heart Is are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clay Pigeons
2 Who does that star?	Joaquin Phoenix
3 I prefer Snitz Edwards movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Seven Chances

1 American Beauty, The Bank Job, Ocean's Eleven, Kissing Jessica Stein, The Sixth Sense, Y Tu Mamá También, and Strangers on a Train are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jonathan Demme movie.	Swimming to Cambodia
2 What else is that about?	r, Jonathan Demme, cambodia, monologue
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Philadelphia

1 Catch Me If You Can, The Silence of the Lambs, The Simpsons Movie, Blue Streak, White Men Can't Jump, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and Braveheart are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Malcolm X
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee
3 I like Michael Anderson movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Shoes of the Fisherman

1 I love The Hangover, The Boondock Saints, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Jurassic Park, Memento, Star Trek, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Transformers
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, Robots, Steven Spielberg, teen, crude humor, effects, Michael Bay, John Turturro, Shia LaBeouf, robot, Megan Fox, Tyrese Gibson
3 I rate Crime movies. Any other suggestions?	RoboCop

1 I really like It's a Wonderful Life, All About Eve, The Secret of Roan Inish, Henry V, Rear Window, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and North by Northwest. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Aliens
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I rate Lasse Spang Olsen movies. Any other suggestions?	In China They Eat Dogs

1 I really liked Clueless, The Secret of NIMH, The Sound of Music, Big, and The Princess Bride. I'm looking for a Tom Hanks movie.	A League of Their Own
2 Who is that directed by?	Penny Marshall
3 I like Jonathan Demme movies more. Do you know anything else?	Philadelphia

1 I love The Incredibles, Monsters, Inc., Persuasion, A Little Princess, Tangled, 12 Angry Men, and Finding Nemo. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Ratatouille
2 Who does that star?	Ian Holm, Brian Dennehy, Patton Oswalt, Lou Romano
3 I prefer Winsor McCay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gertie the Dinosaur

1 I love The Terminator, Pulp Fiction, Unforgiven, The Usual Suspects, Basic Instinct, Tombstone, and The Crow. I'm looking for a Steve Buscemi movie.	Fargo
2 Who does that star?	Steve Buscemi, William H. Macy, Peter Stormare
3 I prefer Jena Malone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Messenger

1 I love The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Blazing Saddles, Tootsie, The Princess Bride, The Matrix, Labyrinth, and Mr. Mom. I'm looking for a baltimore movie.	Hairspray
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, Broadway, segregation, baltimore, maryland
3 I rate Barry Levinson movies. Any other suggestions?	Diner

1 Love Actually, The Color Purple, Cinderella Man, Down with Love, Boys Don't Cry, Do the Right Thing, and The Motorcycle Diaries are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Real Women Have Curves
2 Who does that star?	America Ferrera, Lupe Ontiveros
3 I prefer Bruce Willis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I really like West Side Story, Silver Linings Playbook, Blue Velvet, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Opera, Match Point, and Saved!. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Breakfast Club
2 Who does that star?	Paul Gleason, Anthony Michael Hall, Emilio Estevez, John Kapelos
3 I rate Sisqó movies. Any other suggestions?	Get Over It

1 I liked Princess Mononoke, Brazil, Amélie, Fight Club, Run Lola Run, Cube, and The Thin Red Line. I'm looking for a Patricia Arquette movie.	Lost Highway
2 What else is that about?	David Lynch, Patricia Arquette, lynch
3 I rate Ben Stiller movies. Any other suggestions?	Flirting with Disaster

1 Romeo and Juliet, My Man Godfrey, Grosse Pointe Blank, Speed, Emma, The Ref, and A Night at the Opera are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Star Trek
2 What else is that about?	Action, time travel, Adventure, space, franchise, alternate reality, future, story, long, Star Trek, plot, Leonard Nimoy, Eric Bana, reboot, pace, spock, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, beginning, production
3 I like Gerard Butler movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Bounty Hunter

1 I watched the films The Silence of the Lambs, Ocean's Eleven, Cast Away, Almost Famous, Shrek, Catch Me If You Can, and Pulp Fiction and loved them. I'm looking for a Philip K. Dick movie.	Impostor
2 What else is that about?	Philip K. Dick, Impostor, Gary Sinise, Madeleine Stowe, Mekhi Phifer
3 I like Sharon Stone movies more. Do you know anything else?	Total Recall

1 Requiem for a Dream, The Sixth Sense, Miracle on 34th Street, City of God, The Thing, The Wild Bunch, and Little Big Man are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Jerry Zucker movie.	Top Secret!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Musical, Val Kilmer, David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, Jerry Zucker
3 I rate Lloyd Bridges movies. Any other suggestions?	Airplane!

1 Get Shorty, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, 10 Things I Hate About You, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Gone with the Wind, The Sting, and Risky Business are films I really liked. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Das Boot
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Epic, German, Wolfgang Petersen, u-boat
3 I rate Documentary movies. Any other suggestions?	The Rape of Europa

1 Pulp Fiction, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, National Lampoon's Vacation, Sleepers, The Grapes of Wrath, Ghostbusters, and Cool Hand Luke are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	West Side Story
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, new york city, long, dance, shakespeare, New York, gangs, Broadway, best picture, Robert Wise, super panavision 70, Stephen Sondheim, Natalie Wood, Romeo and Juliet, choreography
3 I rate rio de janeiro movies. Any other suggestions?	Central Station

1 We Were Soldiers, The Big Chill, Tarzan, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, A League of Their Own, Field of Dreams, and The Little Mermaid are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Goodbye Girl
2 What else is that about?	Neil Simon, Herbert Ross
3 I rate Carol Reed movies. Any other suggestions?	The Way Ahead

1 I watched the films Scary Movie, The Wrong Trousers, Sleepy Hollow, Jumanji, The Full Monty, American Beauty, and The Sixth Sense and loved them. I'm looking for a Lori Petty movie.	Tank Girl
2 What else is that about?	stylized, comic book, punk, Lori Petty

1 I love The English Patient, Fargo, Raging Bull, Goodfellas, Jaws, Apocalypse Now, and Trainspotting. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Chinatown
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Faye Dunaway
3 I like Robert Pattinson movies more. Do you know anything else?	How to Be

1 I really like The Dark Knight, Forrest Gump, The Avengers, Inception, The Usual Suspects, Iron Man, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for a r movie.	Shutter Island
2 What else is that about?	psychological, r, Leonardo DiCaprio, Martin Scorsese, island, psychological thriller
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	Drive

1 Casablanca, Lord of War, Dark City, Zoolander, Infernal Affairs, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Emperor's New Groove are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Shane Carruth movie.	Primer
2 Who does that star?	Shane Carruth
3 I rate Amy Seimetz movies. Any other suggestions?	Upstream Color

1 Looper, The Godfather, and The Dark Knight are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez, Frank Miller
3 I like Otto Preminger movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Human Factor

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, It's a Wonderful Life, Singin' in the Rain, Marathon Man, Apocalypse Now, Casablanca, and The Wizard of Oz are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur, Edward Arnold
3 I rate Danielle Cormack movies. Any other suggestions?	Separation City

1 Life Is Beautiful, Fight Club, The Dark Knight, Amélie, and The Matrix are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Special movie.	Memento
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, nonlinear, psychological, r, Mystery, original, story, Memory, Christopher Nolan, unique, non-linear, Guy Pearce, Special, Joe Pantoliano
3 I rate christmas movies. Any other suggestions?	The Nightmare Before Christmas

1 I really like Run Lola Run, The Royal Tenenbaums, Chicago, Short Cuts, The Gingerbread Man, There's Something About Mary, and A Hard Day's Night. I'm looking for a George Clooney movie.	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, cia, Charlie Kaufman, Sam Rockwell, Drew Barrymore, biographical
3 I rate Anton Corbijn movies. Any other suggestions?	The American

1 I watched the films Thank You for Smoking, The Matrix, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Dogtown and Z-Boys, Monster's Ball, Midnight Express, and Amélie and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Secret of NIMH
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, directorial debut, animated, rats, Don Bluth
3 I like True Story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Alpha Dog

1 The Fifth Element, Alien, The Prestige, Seven Samurai, The Departed, The Boondock Saints, and The Avengers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Fearless
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I rate Jason Reitman movies. Any other suggestions?	Labor Day

1 Apollo 13, Outbreak, GoldenEye, Pulp Fiction, Clerks, Toy Story, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I love. I'm looking for a martial arts movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 What else is that about?	martial arts, Jackie Chan, hong kong
3 I rate Fighting movies. Any other suggestions?	Mortal Kombat

1 Courage Under Fire, Independence Day, Twister, Dead Man Walking, Hamlet, The Rock, and Das Boot are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Best Friend's Wedding
2 Who is that directed by?	P.J. Hogan
3 I rate Jake Kasdan movies. Any other suggestions?	Sex Tape

1 I like Crimson Tide, Gladiator, Life Is Beautiful, Braveheart, The Joy Luck Club, Happy Gilmore, and The Nutty Professor. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Cousin Vinny
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, murder, courtroom, lawyers, court, lawyer, Marisa Tomei, Joe Pesci, Trial, law, alabama, Ralph Macchio, Jonathan Lynn
3 I like Bob Hope movies more. Do you know anything else?	Son of Paleface

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, The Godfather, Ghostbusters, Almost Famous, Memento, A Christmas Story, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really like. I'm looking for a coen brothers movie.	The Big Lebowski
2 Who is that directed by?	Joel Coen, Ethan Coen

1 Labyrinth, Hackers, A Room with a View, and The Lord of the Rings are films I liked. I'm looking for a jamaica movie.	Cool Runnings
2 What else is that about?	sports, olympics, John Candy, jamaica, Jon Turteltaub, bobsled

1 I really liked Apollo 13, The Silence of the Lambs, Mrs. Doubtfire, Forrest Gump, The American President, Ed Wood, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Kevin Costner movie.	Dances with Wolves
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, historical, library, national film registry, Western, Epic, Kevin Costner, best picture, indians, Wolves, indian
3 I prefer cuban missile crisis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Thirteen Days

1 Good Will Hunting, Fargo, American Beauty, The Shawshank Redemption, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, To Sir, with Love, and Grosse Pointe Blank are films I really like. I'm looking for a Boaz Yakin movie.	Remember the Titans
2 Who is that directed by?	Boaz Yakin

1 Ocean's Eleven, Witness, Three Kings, Wild Things, Rules of Engagement, A Bronx Tale, and Grease are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Castle
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, Rod Lurie
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Three Musketeers

1 I watched the films Scarface, Alien, The Jungle Book, Stalker, The Shawshank Redemption, Beetlejuice, and Apocalypse Now and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Devil's Rejects
2 What else is that about?	Rob Zombie
3 I like Bela Lugosi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mark of the Vampire

1 I liked Spanking the Monkey, Platoon, The Mexican, Full Metal Jacket, The French Connection, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Gingerbread Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I rate Steven Soderbergh movies. Any other suggestions?	Haywire

1 Ikiru, The Secret of NIMH, Wag the Dog, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Breaker Morant, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, and Cinema Paradiso are films I liked. I'm looking for a Samuel Fuller movie.	Shock Corridor
2 What else is that about?	Samuel Fuller
3 I rate dog movies. Any other suggestions?	White Dog

1 The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, High Noon, Saving Private Ryan, 12 Angry Men, The 39 Steps, Tootsie, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Badham movie.	Whose Life Is It Anyway?
2 What else is that about?	John Badham
3 I rate Goldie Hawn movies. Any other suggestions?	Bird on a Wire

1 Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Gods Must Be Crazy, Cube, The Deer Hunter, The Dark Knight, Delicatessen, and American Beauty are films I like. I'm looking for a Paris movie.	The Red Balloon
2 What else is that about?	Paris
3 I rate erotic movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Tango in Paris

1 I really liked Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Memento, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Rear Window, The Matrix, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Departed. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, David Della Rocco
3 I prefer Nina Wayne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round

1 After the Thin Man, The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad, A Charlie Brown Christmas, Beetlejuice, A Christmas Carol, A Perfect Murder, and Sleeping Beauty are films I like. I'm looking for a nick and nora charles movie.	Shadow of the Thin Man
2 Who does that star?	Donna Reed, Myrna Loy, William Powell, Barry Nelson
3 I prefer James Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	After the Thin Man

1 I loved The Truman Show, The Last of the Mohicans, The Breakfast Club, Elizabeth, Swingers, As Good as It Gets, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Wayne Wang movie.	Smoke
2 What else is that about?	independent film, Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Wayne Wang, Paul Auster
3 I prefer Chinese movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Joy Luck Club

1 I watched the films Lethal Weapon, GoldenEye, Old School, The Silence of the Lambs, Of Mice and Men, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and Jurassic Park and loved them. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Focus
2 Who does that star?	William H. Macy, Meat Loaf, Laura Dern, David Paymer

1 The Godfather, American Pie 2, Braveheart, American Pie, The Story of Us, The Matrix, and The Basketball Diaries are movies I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Stir of Echoes
2 Who does that star?	Kevin Bacon
3 I like Diane Venora movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wolfen

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Smoke, Forrest Gump, and The Remains of the Day are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Dustin Hoffman movie.	The Graduate
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, national film registry, Dustin Hoffman, Hotel, Mike Nichols, Anne Bancroft
3 I prefer Robert De Niro movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Meet the Fockers

1 Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Footloose, Saw, The Royal Tenenbaums, Scary Movie 2, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and Outbreak are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kissing a Fool
2 Who does that star?	Jason Lee, David Schwimmer, Mili Avital
3 I prefer Juno Temple movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Small Apartments

1 The Dark Knight, Sling Blade, Enter the Dragon, Forrest Gump, Planet of the Apes, Spider-Man, and Superman are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Anne Hathaway movie.	The Dark Knight Rises
2 Who is that directed by?	Christopher Nolan
3 I prefer David Frankel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Devil Wears Prada

1 Blade, Halloween, The Silence of the Lambs, Back to the Future Part II, American History X, Sleepy Hollow, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I rate Glenn Gordon Caron movies. Any other suggestions?	Love Affair

1 Sneakers, Philadelphia, Bulworth, Little Shop of Horrors, Antonia's Line, Breaking Away, and The People vs. Larry Flynt are films I really liked. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	The Color Purple
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Tobe Hooper movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Poltergeist

1 Apollo 13, Forrest Gump, Pretty Woman, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Die Hard, and True Lies are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Four Weddings and a Funeral
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, british, Hugh Grant, wedding, funeral, Mike Newell
3 I prefer Michael Glawogger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Slumming

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Braveheart, Rob Roy, Forrest Gump, The Usual Suspects, Species, and Schindler's List are films I liked. I'm looking for a sexual movie.	Showgirls
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Verhoeven
3 I prefer Alfonso Cuarón movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Y Tu Mamá También

1 The Godfather, Stand by Me, Ben-Hur, Four Weddings and a Funeral, An American in Paris, Marty, and Arthur are films I liked. I'm looking for a mockumentary movie.	Take the Money and Run
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, mockumentary
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	What We Do in the Shadows

1 Mars Attacks!, The Talented Mr. Ripley, Being John Malkovich, The Mask, The Hunt for Red October, Enemy of the State, and Gattaca are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Billy Madison
2 Who is that directed by?	Tamra Davis
3 I rate Michael Apted movies. Any other suggestions?	Critical Condition

1 I watched the films Halloween, The Blob, The War of the Worlds, Gone with the Wind, My Cousin Vinny, Groundhog Day, and Child's Play and loved them. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Psycho
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, serial killer, murder, remake, Hitchcock, Gus Van Sant
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Exorcist III

1 I watched the films Lawrence of Arabia, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Jumanji, Ben-Hur, The African Queen, Patton, and The Great Escape and loved them. I'm looking for a civil war movie.	Gettysburg
2 What else is that about?	civil war, american civil war, Martin Sheen
3 I like Drama movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Wind That Shakes the Barley

1 Stuart Little, Chocolat, Finding Forrester, Dead Poets Society, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Legend of Bagger Vance, and Stand by Me are films I liked. I'm looking for a Thomas Carter movie.	Save the Last Dance
2 What else is that about?	dance, Julia Stiles, Thomas Carter
3 I like world war ii movies more. Do you know anything else?	Swing Kids

1 I loved Inception, The Avengers, Warrior, The Matrix, Drive, Life of Pi, and A Separation. I'm looking for a zhang yimou movie.	The Flowers of War
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Ni Ni
3 I rate Jay Chou movies. Any other suggestions?	Curse of the Golden Flower

1 Galaxy Quest, When Harry Met Sally..., Toy Story, Armageddon, Jerry Maguire, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Sling Blade are films I loved. I'm looking for a Rachael Leigh Cook movie.	She's All That
2 Who does that star?	Rachael Leigh Cook
3 I like Woody Harrelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scorched

1 Giant, Glory, Amistad, Patton, The Birdcage, To Kill a Mockingbird, and To Die For are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Philadelphia Story
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, Ruth Hussey
3 I prefer Michelle Pfeiffer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Story of Us

1 The Piano, Good Will Hunting, Apocalypse Now, The Crying Game, Jackie Brown, Edward Scissorhands, and Arlington Road are films I love. I'm looking for a sword movie.	Excalibur
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Patrick Stewart, Helen Mirren, King Arthur, Legend, John Boorman, merlin, sword

1 I loved The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Closer, Inglourious Basterds, Midnight in Paris, Shaun of the Dead, and The Outsiders. I'm looking for a Leonardo DiCaprio movie.	Gangs of New York
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jim Broadbent
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Quick and the Dead

1 I really liked American History X, The Usual Suspects, The Matrix, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Office Space, The Godfather, and Memento. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	So I Married an Axe Murderer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, serial killer, Mike Myers
3 I prefer Andy Samberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs

1 Blue Velvet, Breaking the Waves, City Lights, Mrs. Miniver, Rebecca, Crimes and Misdemeanors, and Rebel Without a Cause are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Last Exit to Brooklyn
2 What else is that about?	Brooklyn
3 I rate Alain Resnais movies. Any other suggestions?	The War Is Over

1 A Hard Day's Night, Young Frankenstein, Midnight Express, The Shining, Good Will Hunting, The Year of Living Dangerously, and A Streetcar Named Desire are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hope and Glory
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, London, John Boorman
3 I prefer Joseph Losey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Go-Between

1 I really like All Dogs Go to Heaven 2, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Alice in Wonderland, I'm the One That I Want, Twilight, The Little Rascals, and Big Fish. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Covenant
2 Who does that star?	Taylor Kitsch, Sebastian Stan, Laura Ramsey, Steven Strait
3 I like Shakara Ledard movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Defender

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Incredibles, A Close Shave, Mr. Holland's Opus, Trainspotting, The Rock, and Rear Window are films I like. I'm looking for a Maze movie.	Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, Adventure, Music, Musical, Jennifer Connelly, David Bowie, puppets, Jim Henson, Maze, quest
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Labyrinth

1 Michael Collins, The Incredibles, The Usual Suspects, Dear Frankie, The Fall, Ronin, and Monty Python and the Holy Grail are movies I really like. I'm looking for a political movie.	The Manchurian Candidate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, assassin, Conspiracy, cold war, political, brainwashing, John Frankenheimer, Frank Sinatra, Angela Lansbury, Janet Leigh
3 I prefer iraq movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fahrenheit 9/11

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Lost in Translation, Once, The Bucket List, Slumdog Millionaire, Apollo 13, and The Visitor are films I liked. I'm looking for a Viola Davis movie.	Doubt
2 Who does that star?	Amy Adams, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meryl Streep, Viola Davis
3 I prefer Emma Stone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Help

1 The Lavender Hill Mob, Gone with the Wind, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Alien, Dick Tracy, Manhattan, and Rosemary's Baby are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Giant
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Elizabeth Taylor, James Dean, George Stevens, Rock Hudson
3 I like John Sayles movies more. Do you know anything else?	Men with Guns

1 Apocalypse Now, American History X, The Matrix, The Dark Knight, Saving Private Ryan, Fight Club, and Memento are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Machinist
2 What else is that about?	psychological, r, Christian Bale, Brad Anderson
3 I prefer Thriller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Bad Company

1 The Intouchables, Oldboy, Fight Club, A Beautiful Mind, Pi, Requiem for a Dream, and American Gangster are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Pathology
2 Who is that directed by?	Marc Schölermann
3 I like Jon Amiel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Copycat

1 The Hunt for Red October, A Few Good Men, The Sixth Sense, A Streetcar Named Desire, The Sound of Music, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Vertigo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Ingmar Bergman movie.	The Virgin Spring
2 Who is that directed by?	Ingmar Bergman

1 Mulholland Drive, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Ring, Top Gun, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Training Day, and The Bridge on the River Kwai are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Return to Oz
2 Who does that star?	Piper Laurie, Fairuza Balk, Jean Marsh, Nicol Williamson
3 I like Josh Lawson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crave

1 The Fugitive, There's Something About Mary, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Nosferatu, The Princess Bride, The Godfather, and Raising Arizona are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Yojimbo
2 What else is that about?	japan, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I rate Bertrand Tavernier movies. Any other suggestions?	The Judge and the Assassin

1 The Matrix, Fight Club, Crash, Memento, Django Unchained, Singin' in the Rain, and Requiem for a Dream are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Machinist
2 Who does that star?	Christian Bale, Jennifer Jason Leigh, John Sharian
3 I rate Julianne Moore movies. Any other suggestions?	Assassins

1 Ghost, When a Man Loves a Woman, Maverick, Beauty and the Beast, A Christmas Carol, The Fugitive, and True Romance are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Gene Hackman movie.	The Chamber
2 Who does that star?	Gene Hackman, Chris O'Donnell
3 I rate Candice Bergen movies. Any other suggestions?	Bite the Bullet

1 The Wedding Singer, Kingpin, Shaun of the Dead, Chinatown, Training Day, Bowling for Columbine, and Office Space are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Pam Grier movie.	Coffy
2 What else is that about?	Vigilante, blaxploitation, Pam Grier
3 I prefer tarantino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jackie Brown

1 Living in Oblivion, The Man Who Would Be King, Children of Men, Irma la Douce, The Gods Must Be Crazy, L'Age d'Or, and Rebel Without a Cause are movies I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	In Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Neil Jordan
3 I like story movies more. Do you know anything else?	Infernal Affairs

1 8½, Office Space, Run Lola Run, Amélie, Best in Show, Shrek, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Ethan Hawke movie.	Before Sunset
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater
3 I like Antoine Fuqua movies more. Do you know anything else?	Training Day

1 A Room with a View, Titanic, Hoop Dreams, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Lethal Weapon, Rushmore, and Delicatessen are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Peter Weir movie.	Witness
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir

1 There's Something About Mary, The Graduate, Malice, Local Hero, Midnight Cowboy, Fatal Attraction, and Arsenic and Old Lace are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Greg Mottola movie.	The Daytrippers
2 What else is that about?	Greg Mottola
3 I prefer teen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Superbad

1 I liked Best in Show, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, While You Were Sleeping, Girl with a Pearl Earring, A Mighty Wind, Office Space, and A Christmas Story. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Shall We Dance?
2 Who is that directed by?	Masayuki Suo
3 I like Takeshi Kitano movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kikujiro

1 I like When Harry Met Sally..., Stand and Deliver, Catch Me If You Can, Dressed to Kill, Dead Ringers, Emma, and Babel. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Snake Pit
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Anatole Litvak, Olivia de Havilland
3 I like John Singleton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Boy

1 A Little Princess, Finding Neverland, Life as We Know It, Easy A, The Avengers, Winter's Bone, and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets are movies I really like. I'm looking for a harry potter movie.	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, sequel, harry potter, Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe, direction, series, Rupert Grint, David Yates
3 I like parody movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Very Potter Sequel

1 I loved The Godfather, Reservoir Dogs, Clerks, The Usual Suspects, A Clockwork Orange, Pulp Fiction, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Kicking and Screaming
2 Who does that star?	Josh Hamilton
3 I like Walter Huston movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Furies

1 I really like The Maltese Falcon, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Godfather, Casablanca, The Insider, Witness, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Apostle
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Duvall
3 I prefer Jeff Nichols movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mud

1 Friday, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Reservoir Dogs, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Pulp Fiction, The Silence of the Lambs, and Fight Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	In China They Eat Dogs
2 Who does that star?	Kim Bodnia
3 I prefer Jackie Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rush Hour

1 I loved Clerks, Scarface, Human Traffic, Casino, Blue Velvet, The Usual Suspects, and The Full Monty. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Fast Times at Ridgemont High
2 What else is that about?	Romance, High School, ensemble cast, teen, Nicolas Cage, national film registry, directorial debut, Sean Penn, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Amy Heckerling, Judge Reinhold, Phoebe Cates, Ray Walston
3 I like Family movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Neighbors the Yamadas

1 High Noon, Rocky, Gone with the Wind, The Wrestler, Das Boot, The Salton Sea, and The Princess Bride are films I really like. I'm looking for an ensemble cast movie.	The Avengers
2 What else is that about?	superhero, War, new york city, ensemble cast, dvd, Samuel L. Jackson, Scarlett Johansson, marvel, Joss Whedon, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, marvel cinematic universe, Jeremy Renner, Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Iron Man, The Avengers, Captain America, superhero team, Hulk, american, ensemble, Thor, loki, marvel comics
3 I rate Craig Robinson movies. Any other suggestions?	This Is the End

1 I really like Fantastic Mr. Fox, Battle Royale, Big Fish, A Serious Man, Edward Scissorhands, Ed Wood, and In the Mouth of Madness. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	7 Faces of Dr. Lao
2 Who does that star?	Tony Randall
3 I prefer Meg Ryan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prelude to a Kiss

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Metropolis, Harold and Maude, Kiss of the Spider Woman, Taxi Driver, The Wizard of Oz, and Apocalypse Now are movies I like. I'm looking for an assassin movie.	Malcolm X
2 What else is that about?	History, Biography, historical, assassin, racism, library, Denzel Washington, Assassination, biographical, islam, Spike Lee, Angela Bassett
3 I prefer murder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Point of No Return

1 Toy Story 2, Only You, Sleepless in Seattle, Rudy, Adventures in Babysitting, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Prince of Egypt are films I liked. I'm looking for a rodeo movie.	8 Seconds
2 What else is that about?	rodeo

1 Psycho, Taxi Driver, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Election, Rear Window, The Wizard of Oz, and Risky Business are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Ice Storm
2 Who is that directed by?	Ang Lee
3 I prefer Griffin Dunne movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lisa Picard Is Famous

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, American Beauty, Pulp Fiction, L.A. Confidential, The Princess Bride, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Romeo and Juliet
2 Who does that star?	Olivia Hussey, Leonard Whiting
3 I prefer Matthew Broderick movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Marie and Bruce

1 I like Groundhog Day, City of Angels, Elizabeth, Goodfellas, The Sixth Sense, The Shawshank Redemption, and Six Degrees of Separation. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	White Men Can't Jump
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, sports, Woody Harrelson, Wesley Snipes, Ron Shelton
3 I prefer Peter Falk movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Princess Bride

1 Catch Me If You Can, The Godfather, Chicago, From Russia with Love, U.S. Marshals, For a Few Dollars More, and Goldfinger are movies I love. I'm looking for a 007 movie.	For Your Eyes Only
2 Who does that star?	Roger Moore
3 I like Sean Connery movies more. Do you know anything else?	Never Say Never Again

1 Batman, Babe, Seven Years in Tibet, The Gods Must Be Crazy, 12 Angry Men, Dave, and Starman are films I liked. I'm looking for an Airport movie.	Airport
2 Who is that directed by?	George Seaton
3 I rate Renny Harlin movies. Any other suggestions?	Die Hard 2

1 Speed, Forrest Gump, The Secret of Roan Inish, The Madness of King George, The Birdcage, Broken Arrow, and Dangerous Minds are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The River Wild
2 What else is that about?	Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, Wilderness, Water, river, Curtis Hanson
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Romancing the Stone

1 Stalag 17, The Exorcist, Taxi Driver, Stop Making Sense, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, North by Northwest, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I like. I'm looking for a Sam Wood movie.	For Whom the Bell Tolls
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Wood
3 I like George Cukor movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gone with the Wind

1 Fight Club, Pulp Fiction, Titanic, Donnie Darko, and A Clockwork Orange are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Hangover
2 Who is that directed by?	Todd Phillips
3 I prefer Norman Z. McLeod movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pennies from Heaven

1 Casablanca, Life Is Beautiful, It's a Wonderful Life, My Life as a Dog, The Silence of the Lambs, The African Queen, and The Sound of Music are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tom Selleck movie.	Coma
2 What else is that about?	tense, Michael Crichton, Tom Selleck
3 I like Action movies more. Do you know anything else?	Runaway

1 I liked Rebel Without a Cause, Frankenstein, A Streetcar Named Desire, Dracula, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and Corpse Bride. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Dracula
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Dracula
3 I rate Don Coscarelli movies. Any other suggestions?	Bubba Ho-Tep

1 I liked Galaxy Quest, The Shawshank Redemption, Deep Impact, Malcolm X, Rocky, Jurassic Park, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a John McTiernan movie.	Predator
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, Carl Weathers
3 I prefer Charles Dance movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Last Action Hero

1 Pulp Fiction, A Clockwork Orange, Apocalypse Now, The Godfather, Memento, The Matrix, and Delicatessen are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a John Carpenter movie.	Dark Star
2 Who does that star?	Dan O'Bannon
3 I rate James Hong movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Trouble in Little China

1 I liked Raiders of the Lost Ark, Alien, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Player, Gattaca, Bowling for Columbine, and M. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I like Héctor Olivera movies more. Do you know anything else?	Barbarian Queen

1 Air Force One, Fantasia, Men in Black, The Jungle Book, Young Frankenstein, Dead Poets Society, and Witness are films I loved. I'm looking for a book movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I like David Wayne movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Andromeda Strain

1 I loved Fargo, American Beauty, Serenity, Shaun of the Dead, Run Lola Run, and Donnie Darko. I'm looking for an iceland movie.	Cold Fever
2 What else is that about?	iceland, Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
3 I rate Sarah Polley movies. Any other suggestions?	No Such Thing

1 I really liked Pulp Fiction, Jackie Brown, Heavenly Creatures, The Deer Hunter, Citizen Kane, The Joy Luck Club, and My Own Private Idaho. I'm looking for an Atom Egoyan movie.	The Sweet Hereafter
2 What else is that about?	Atom Egoyan
3 I prefer toronto movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Exotica

1 Casablanca, Alphaville, Pather Panchali, Wild Strawberries, The Night of the Hunter, The Maltese Falcon, and City Lights are films I loved. I'm looking for a decent movie.	The Mirror
2 Who is that directed by?	Jafar Panahi

1 I love To Kill a Mockingbird, After Hours, City of God, The Usual Suspects, Super Size Me, The Outlaw Josey Wales, and Aliens. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Adventureland
2 Who does that star?	Jesse Eisenberg
3 I rate Adam Carolla movies. Any other suggestions?	The Hammer

1 I watched the films Fargo, Mallrats, Amélie, Rushmore, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Donnie Darko, and The Nightmare Before Christmas and loved them. I'm looking for a Memory movie.	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
2 What else is that about?	nonlinear, r, Jim Carrey, original, Love, Memory, romantic, Kirsten Dunst, Charlie Kaufman, Kate Winslet, strange, Elijah Wood, Mark Ruffalo, Michel Gondry, non-linear, David Cross, Tom Wilkinson, mind
3 I rate Action movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Identity

1 I really like The Count of Monte Cristo, The Sixth Sense, Cast Away, Pearl Harbor, Elizabeth, Fight Club, and Anna and the King. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Princess Diaries
2 Who is that directed by?	Garry Marshall
3 I rate Harold Lloyd movies. Any other suggestions?	Feet First

1 Say Anything..., The Blues Brothers, L.A. Confidential, Deliverance, Goodfellas, Repo Man, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a r movie.	Devil in a Blue Dress
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I rate british movies. Any other suggestions?	East Is East

1 The Usual Suspects, Memento, The Dark Knight, Sin City, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for an adaptation movie.	Watchmen
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, r, story, plot, characters, cold war, superheroes, nuclear war, adaptation, alternate history, comics, Zack Snyder, Alan Moore, graphic novel, Matthew Goode, Billy Crudup, Jackie Earle Haley, Patrick Wilson, imax, length, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, ugh
3 I prefer Roger Michell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Persuasion

1 Rashomon, My Neighbor Totoro, Mean Streets, Un Chien Andalou, Stranger Than Paradise, Sabrina, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I love. I'm looking for an Abbas Kiarostami movie.	Close-Up
2 Who does that star?	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
3 I prefer Mania Akbari movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ten

1 Forrest Gump, Gone with the Wind, Braveheart, Grease, Rushmore, West Side Story, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The English Patient
2 What else is that about?	War, Love, world war i, Anthony Minghella, patient, burn victim
3 I prefer motorcycle movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cool as Ice

1 Fletch, Drugstore Cowboy, The Matrix, The Killing Fields, The Deer Hunter, Life Is Beautiful, and The Seventh Seal are films I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	All Quiet on the Western Front
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, War, national film registry, world war i, Lewis Milestone
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Grand Hotel

1 Tank Girl, Showgirls, Fahrenheit 9/11, The 13th Warrior, and Night of the Living Dead are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Scrooge movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge

1 The Usual Suspects, The Remains of the Day, The Client, Legends of the Fall, Natural Born Killers, Farewell My Concubine, and Pulp Fiction are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Much Ado About Nothing
2 Who is that directed by?	Joss Whedon
3 I like Stu Zicherman movies more. Do you know anything else?	A.C.O.D.

1 Sleepers, Final Destination, Armageddon, Stargate, The Shawshank Redemption, Secretary, and Identity are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Malkovich movie.	The Man in the Iron Mask
2 Who does that star?	Leonardo DiCaprio, Jeremy Irons, John Malkovich
3 I prefer Colm Meaney movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Con Air

1 Mulan, A Close Shave, Men in Black, Ice Age, Shrek 2, The Parent Trap, and Father of the Bride Part II are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Shark Tale
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Will Smith, Jack Black, dreamworks, 4, fish
3 I rate Debra Messing movies. Any other suggestions?	Open Season

1 I liked Carlito's Way, The Matrix, Batman, The Shining, Lost in Translation, Heat, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Big Fish
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Tim Burton, story, death, Storytelling, Ewan McGregor, Helena Bonham Carter, Life, fish, Albert Finney, alabama, Jessica Lange
3 I like Piper Perabo movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coyote Ugly

1 I like Annie Hall, Moonstruck, Driving Miss Daisy, A Room with a View, The Remains of the Day, Local Hero, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Midnight Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	Dustin Hoffman, best picture, Jon Voight, John Schlesinger
3 I rate Ethan Hawke movies. Any other suggestions?	Before Sunset

1 Clear and Present Danger, Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, Batman, The Fugitive, Independence Day, and Forrest Gump are movies I liked. I'm looking for a schwarzenegger movie.	True Lies
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I rate Peter Hyams movies. Any other suggestions?	End of Days

1 The Royal Tenenbaums, The Big Lebowski, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, Army of Darkness, Seven Samurai, Forrest Gump, and Pulp Fiction are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Cabin Boy
2 Who does that star?	Chris Elliott
3 I like Rock Hudson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Strange Bedfellows

1 I liked Eraserhead, From Hell, The Mothman Prophecies, Poltergeist, Control, The Ring, and Into the Wild. I'm looking for a r movie.	30 Days of Night
2 What else is that about?	r, Vampires, vampire, alaska, Josh Hartnett, David Slade
3 I rate orgy movies. Any other suggestions?	Eyes Wide Shut

1 2010, The Wolf Man, Aliens, The Mask, Jaws, Mulan, and Gone with the Wind are films I loved. I'm looking for a Brendan Gleeson movie.	The General
2 Who does that star?	Brendan Gleeson, Adrian Dunbar

1 Charade, Blade Runner, Swiss Family Robinson, Goldfinger, The Goonies, Working Girl, and The Sting are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Say Anything...
2 Who is that directed by?	Cameron Crowe
3 I prefer Richard Glatzer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last of Robin Hood

1 Heavenly Creatures, Dancer in the Dark, Annie Hall, Rushmore, The End of the Affair, Pleasantville, and Goldfinger are movies I love. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller, George Ogilvie
3 I like Ringo Lam movies more. Do you know anything else?	Replicant

1 Fargo, The Sting, Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, Lawrence of Arabia, Aliens, and The Manchurian Candidate are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I rate Edward Buzzell movies. Any other suggestions?	Song of the Thin Man

1 The Purple Rose of Cairo, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Some Like It Hot, Planet of the Apes, The Wrong Trousers, The Adventures of Milo and Otis, and Zoolander are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Steven Spielberg movie.	A.I. Artificial Intelligence
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Richard Donner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Goonies

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Donnie Brasco, Gattaca, I Heart Huckabees, High Fidelity, and Grosse Pointe Blank are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Night at the Opera
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Wood
3 I rate Sidney Lanfield movies. Any other suggestions?	Red Salute

1 Dangerous Liaisons, Pitch Black, In the Line of Fire, Honeymoon in Vegas, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Casablanca, and Strangers on a Train are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	West Side Story
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, new york city, long, dance, shakespeare, New York, gangs, Broadway, best picture, Robert Wise, super panavision 70, Stephen Sondheim, Natalie Wood, Romeo and Juliet, choreography
3 I like rock opera movies more. Do you know anything else?	Repo! The Genetic Opera

1 I liked Shallow Grave, An American Werewolf in London, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Omen, True Lies, and Clerks. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Carrie
2 What else is that about?	Horror, Stephen King, Brian De Palma, Sissy Spacek, Piper Laurie
3 I prefer werewolf movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Werewolf of London

1 Being There, The Limey, Out of Sight, Shine, Double Indemnity, Toy Story 2, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Travolta movie.	Face/Off
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, John Travolta
3 I rate Kirstie Alley movies. Any other suggestions?	Look Who's Talking

1 The Full Monty, Rushmore, Election, Office Space, Gone with the Wind, and Friday are films I loved. I'm looking for a Chris Farley movie.	Tommy Boy
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Chris Farley, David Spade, Peter Segal
3 I prefer Dennis Dugan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beverly Hills Ninja

1 Patton, Ghostbusters, The Godfather, and Fight Club are films I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I rate Jennifer Connelly movies. Any other suggestions?	Labyrinth

1 On Golden Pond, Emma, The African Queen, The Wizard of Oz, Fantasia, MASH, and Legends of the Fall are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Somewhere in Time
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Plummer, Christopher Reeve, Teresa Wright, Jane Seymour
3 I like Sara Paxton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Aquamarine

1 I like Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Sixth Sense, Fried Green Tomatoes, The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Crying Game, Shakespeare in Love, and Sleepy Hollow. I'm looking for a r movie.	L.A. Confidential
2 What else is that about?	r, Police, Corruption, story, Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, police corruption, detective, 1950s, noir, Danny DeVito, Guy Pearce, Kim Basinger, Curtis Hanson
3 I rate Michael Haneke movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny Games

1 I like My Dinner with Andre, Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle, Princess Mononoke, Whisper of the Heart, Kiki's Delivery Service, and Before Sunrise. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Before Midnight
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy
3 I like Samantha Morton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Under the Skin

1 Spawn, Predator, The Dark Crystal, Brazil, RoboCop, Pi, and Village of the Damned are films I loved. I'm looking for a George A. Romero movie.	Monkey Shines
2 What else is that about?	George A. Romero
3 I like zombie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Day of the Dead

1 I watched the films High Fidelity, Back to the Future, Stand by Me, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Raising Arizona, Traffic, and Goodfellas and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shag
2 Who does that star?	Bridget Fonda, Annabeth Gish, Phoebe Cates, Scott Coffey
3 I prefer Jennifer Lopez movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wedding Planner

1 Mulholland Drive, M, Lost Highway, Apocalypse Now, Casablanca, Fight Club, and Eraserhead are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Blue Velvet
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Mystery, David Lynch, sexual, Dennis Hopper, lynch, Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan
3 I like Jada Pinkett Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Reign Over Me

1 Ice Age, Mars Attacks!, Howl's Moving Castle, Lost in Translation, Notting Hill, Hero, and Dogma are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Face/Off
2 What else is that about?	Action, Nicolas Cage, John Travolta, John Woo
3 I like Animation movies more. Do you know anything else?	How to Train Your Dragon

1 Appleseed, Spirited Away, Sin City, Howl's Moving Castle, The Fountain, Amélie, and My Neighbor Totoro are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Rachel Weisz movie.	My Blueberry Nights
2 What else is that about?	Natalie Portman, Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, wong kar wai, Norah Jones
3 I rate Daniel Craig movies. Any other suggestions?	Dream House

1 Brazil, Gattaca, Conspiracy Theory, Cyrano de Bergerac, The English Patient, La Femme Nikita, and Lawrence of Arabia are movies I really like. I'm looking for a dalai lama movie.	Seven Years in Tibet
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, book, 1, tibet, dalai lama
3 I like Martin Scorsese movies more. Do you know anything else?	Kundun

1 8½, Ikiru, Apocalypse Now, The Magnificent Ambersons, Chinatown, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and City of God are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Luis Buñuel movie.	The Exterminating Angel
2 What else is that about?	criterion, Luis Buñuel
3 I rate surreal movies. Any other suggestions?	The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie

1 The Dark Knight, Back to the Future, The Wrestler, That Thing You Do!, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Children of Men, and Stand by Me are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A League of Their Own
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Tom Hanks, baseball, Madonna, Geena Davis, Rosie O'Donnell, Penny Marshall
3 I rate Edmund Goulding movies. Any other suggestions?	Mister 880

1 I really like Gone with the Wind, Spider-Man, Enemy at the Gates, Titanic, Meet the Parents, The Last of the Mohicans, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for a Benicio Del Toro movie.	Traffic
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Soderbergh
3 I rate Sean Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pledge

1 Her, The Godfather, Mulholland Drive, Sling Blade, Spirited Away, Almost Famous, and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Diane Keaton movie.	Manhattan
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, new york city, Love, national film registry, Woody Allen, New York, Meryl Streep, 3, Manhattan, Diane Keaton
3 I like Queen Latifah movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mad Money

1 Beauty and the Beast, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Stardust, Shrek, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Drop Dead Fred, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Kinky Boots
2 What else is that about?	Julian Jarrold
3 I prefer War movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pearl Harbor

1 Ghostbusters, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Pulp Fiction, Office Space, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, True Lies, and The Princess Bride are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shrek
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, parody, pixar, disney, sequel, dvd, fairy tale, children, own, animated, Cameron Diaz, computer animation, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Mike Myers, get, John Lithgow, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson, children's, donkey
3 I rate J. Lee Thompson movies. Any other suggestions?	What a Way to Go!

1 I liked Reservoir Dogs, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, L.A. Confidential, The Insider, Being John Malkovich, Office Space, and The Mask. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Cabin in the Woods
2 What else is that about?	Horror, satire, r, directorial debut, Joss Whedon, meta, Chris Hemsworth, cabin, Drew Goddard, Fran Kranz
3 I rate Victor Salva movies. Any other suggestions?	The Nature of the Beast

1 I really liked Pretty Woman, Groundhog Day, Jurassic Park, Young Frankenstein, The Wizard of Oz, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a christmas movie.	A Christmas Carol
2 What else is that about?	classic, christmas, ghosts, Charles Dickens, Scrooge, ebenezer scrooge
3 I prefer Tim Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Christmas with the Kranks

1 I loved The Bridge on the River Kwai, Taxi Driver, Dial M for Murder, To Kill a Mockingbird, The 39 Steps, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, and Lawrence of Arabia. I'm looking for a Richard Matheson movie.	The Omega Man
2 What else is that about?	Old, Charlton Heston, last man on earth, Richard Matheson, matheson, I Am Legend, Boris Sagal, creatures
3 I rate Jack Arnold movies. Any other suggestions?	The Incredible Shrinking Man

1 Groundhog Day, Schindler's List, Gone with the Wind, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Bonnie and Clyde, The Sound of Music, and The Piano are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	The English Patient
2 Who is that directed by?	Anthony Minghella
3 I rate Jeffrey Hornaday movies. Any other suggestions?	Shout

1 Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Usual Suspects are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	Shrek
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Adamson, Vicky Jenson
3 I rate Jay Roach movies. Any other suggestions?	Austin Powers in Goldmember

1 Moonstruck, The Shawshank Redemption, Short Cuts, Mad Max, American Graffiti, Peter Pan, and Almost Famous are films I loved. I'm looking for a Peter Weir movie.	The Last Wave
2 What else is that about?	Peter Weir
3 I prefer original movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Truman Show

1 The Net, Outbreak, The Shawshank Redemption, Babe, While You Were Sleeping, Sleepless in Seattle, and Speed are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Stargate
2 What else is that about?	military, science fiction, mythology, Kurt Russell, wormhole, James Spader, Stargate
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Labyrinth

1 I watched the films The Killing Fields, Airplane!, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, Fargo, Magnolia, and The Shawshank Redemption and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	American Beauty
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Mendes
3 I prefer King Vidor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wild Oranges

1 Good Morning, Vietnam, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Silence of the Lambs, Five Easy Pieces, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Schindler's List, and In the Heat of the Night are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a biographical movie.	All That Jazz
2 What else is that about?	Musical, dance, biographical, jazz, Bob Fosse
3 I rate library movies. Any other suggestions?	Malcolm X

1 Amélie, Limitless, Spider-Man 2, The Adjustment Bureau, Highlander, The Prestige, and Hero are films I like. I'm looking for an Ian McKellen movie.	Stardust
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, british, Robert De Niro, Ian McKellen, Ricky Gervais, Neil Gaiman, Claire Danes, Michelle Pfeiffer, Peter O'Toole, Mark Strong, hugo award, Matthew Vaughn, Charlie Cox, wall
3 I rate nazis movies. Any other suggestions?	Apt Pupil

1 I loved Enemy at the Gates and The Bourne Identity. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Shooter
2 Who is that directed by?	Antoine Fuqua
3 I prefer Kurt Wimmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Equilibrium

1 Quiz Show, Sin City, Stir of Echoes, American History X, Billy Elliot, The Matrix, and The City of Lost Children are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	City of God
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, Crime, r, Epic, Brazil, foreign, rio de janeiro, favelas, Fernando Meirelles, Alice Braga, favela
3 I rate Henry King movies. Any other suggestions?	The White Sister

1 The Nightmare Before Christmas, Forrest Gump, The Fugitive, Dances with Wolves, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, and Pulp Fiction are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I like John Malkovich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jonah Hex

1 Shrek 2, Mary and Max, Departures, A Bug's Life, I, Robot, Napoleon Dynamite, and Stepmom are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hancock
2 What else is that about?	superhero, Will Smith, Charlize Theron, Jason Bateman, Peter Berg
3 I prefer Charles Bronson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Mechanic

1 The Big Sleep, Gladiator, American Beauty, The Wizard of Oz, Dogma, The Manchurian Candidate, and Top Hat are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Return to Oz
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, oz, dorothy
3 I like Kristanna Loken movies more. Do you know anything else?	BloodRayne

1 I liked Amistad, 3 Idiots, Offside, The Iron Ladies, Witness for the Prosecution, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and The Mummy. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Kahaani
2 Who does that star?	Vidya Balan, Parambrata Chatterjee
3 I like Kiele Sanchez movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Perfect Getaway

1 A Family Thing, Restoration, The First Wives Club, The Rock, Stealing Beauty, Othello, and A Time to Kill are films I really liked. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Girl 6
2 Who is that directed by?	Spike Lee

1 Schindler's List, His Girl Friday, Brazil, Strictly Ballroom, Moll Flanders, Bringing Up Baby, and Jumanji are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I prefer religion movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lizard

1 Croupier, American Beauty, Music of the Heart, Nashville, Platoon, Annie Hall, and The Green Mile are films I love. I'm looking for a Jane Fonda movie.	Cat Ballou
2 Who is that directed by?	Elliot Silverstein
3 I like Federico Fellini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spirits of the Dead

1 I liked Payback, West Side Story, The Matrix, American Beauty, The Negotiator, Fight Club, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Meg Ryan movie.	Innerspace
2 What else is that about?	Meg Ryan, Dennis Quaid, Joe Dante, Martin Short
3 I prefer Tom Hanks movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Joe Versus the Volcano

1 Private Parts, Primary Colors, Philadelphia, Big Night, Schindler's List, Breaking the Waves, and Welcome to Sarajevo are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Random Hearts
2 What else is that about?	Harrison Ford, Kristin Scott Thomas
3 I rate Alfonso Cuarón movies. Any other suggestions?	A Little Princess

1 I really liked Monsters, Inc., Up, Pulp Fiction, Memento, The Illusionist, Blow, and Contagion. I'm looking for a Johnny Depp movie.	The Rum Diary
2 Who is that directed by?	Bruce Robinson
3 I prefer Mike Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Corpse Bride

1 Mulan, Little Miss Sunshine, Toy Story 2, The Girl Who Leapt Through Time, Aladdin, The Cat Returns, and Monsters, Inc. are films I liked. I'm looking for a fairy tale movie.	Tangled
2 What else is that about?	Animation, disney, Musical, fairy tale, Hair, Zachary Levi
3 I like classic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs

1 I love The Virgin Suicides, The Breakfast Club, The Royal Tenenbaums, Blade, Beauty and the Beast, Wedding Crashers, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Rocketeer
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jennifer Connelly, Timothy Dalton, Joe Johnston
3 I like Australia movies more. Do you know anything else?	Griff the Invisible

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Aladdin, Strictly Ballroom, Good Will Hunting, Schindler's List, and The Matrix are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Mel Brooks movie.	Blazing Saddles
2 Who is that directed by?	Mel Brooks
3 I rate Alan Johnson movies. Any other suggestions?	To Be or Not to Be

1 Army of Darkness, The Hangover, Donnie Darko, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Grindhouse, The Big Lebowski, and Inglourious Basterds are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Evil Dead
2 Who does that star?	Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, Betsy Baker
3 I prefer Shannon Elizabeth movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night of the Demons

1 Face/Off, Braveheart, The Fifth Element, Until the End of the World, Saving Private Ryan, The Silence of the Lambs, and Fight Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Nutty Professor
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, remake, alter ego, Eddie Murphy, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle
3 I prefer Steve Miner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Soul Man

1 I loved The Breakfast Club, School of Rock, The Good German, I Heart Huckabees, Cinderella, Wuthering Heights, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	How to Steal a Million
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Heist, Audrey Hepburn, William Wyler, Peter O'Toole, Eli Wallach, audrey
3 I rate Les Mayfield movies. Any other suggestions?	Blue Streak

1 Spider-Man 2, Million Dollar Baby, Crash, Cast Away, Superbad, The Bourne Supremacy, and Catch Me If You Can are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Topher Grace movie.	In Good Company
2 What else is that about?	Scarlett Johansson, Dennis Quaid, advertising, Topher Grace
3 I prefer Josh Duhamel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!

1 Don Juan DeMarco, Bridget Jones's Diary, Top Gun, Cocoon, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Dances with Wolves, and Aladdin are films I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Ice Age
2 Who is that directed by?	Carlos Saldanha, Chris Wedge
3 I like Gary Nelson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold

1 Goodfellas, The Shawshank Redemption, True Lies, Twister, Das Boot, Crimson Tide, and Clear and Present Danger are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Space Cowboys
2 What else is that about?	space, Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, James Garner
3 I prefer baseball movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cobb

1 Dances with Wolves, The Fugitive, Stand by Me, Much Ado About Nothing, Sleepers, Reservoir Dogs, and A Close Shave are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Julian Schnabel movie.	Basquiat
2 What else is that about?	David Bowie, Benicio Del Toro, artist, Andy Warhol, Julian Schnabel
3 I like Biography movies more. Do you know anything else?	Before Night Falls

1 Up in Smoke, Death to Smoochy, Fletch, Bringing Up Baby, There's Something About Mary, The Monster Squad, and Animal House are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Meatballs
2 Who does that star?	Bill Murray
3 I like Ed Helms movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Hangover

1 Midnight Run, Psycho, Taxi Driver, The French Connection, Jaws, The Secret Garden, and In the Heat of the Night are films I like. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Alive
2 What else is that about?	japan, Prison
3 I like Kazuo Ikehiro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Zatoichi's Flashing Sword

1 The Big Lebowski, Psycho, Back to the Future, Almost Famous, Lone Star, Go, and Out of Sight are films I liked. I'm looking for a Mike Myers movie.	Wayne's World
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Mike Myers, tv, saturday night live, Chris Farley, Penelope Spheeris, Dana Carvey, Tia Carrere, Rob Lowe, alice cooper
3 I rate Romany Malco movies. Any other suggestions?	The Love Guru

1 When Harry Met Sally..., North by Northwest, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Remains of the Day, Dracula, Immortal Beloved, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Billy Zane movie.	The Phantom
2 What else is that about?	Simon Wincer, Billy Zane
3 I rate Thriller movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Calm

1 My Neighbor Totoro, Terms of Endearment, The Bridge at Remagen, Prizzi's Honor, Pulp Fiction, Witness, and The NeverEnding Story are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Devil Rides Out
2 Who does that star?	Christopher Lee, Charles Gray, Leon Greene
3 I rate Vincent Price movies. Any other suggestions?	The Masque of the Red Death

1 I loved Hud, Out of Africa, A Farewell to Arms, The Untouchables, Con Air, Pretty Woman, and The Killing Fields. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	An American in Paris
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Paris, Gene Kelly, Vincente Minnelli
3 I rate Richard Lester movies. Any other suggestions?	A Hard Day's Night

1 I watched the films The Dark Knight, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Gladiator, Saving Private Ryan, Inception, The Last King of Scotland, and The Hunt for Red October and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Titanic
2 What else is that about?	Jean Negulesco
3 I prefer Barbara Stanwyck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	There's Always Tomorrow

1 I love Red Beard, Gerry, Human Traffic, The Kid, Cockfighter, Let the Right One In, and Chopper. I'm looking for a François Truffaut movie.	The Bride Wore Black
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Revenge, wedding, François Truffaut, Black, bride
3 I like French movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jules and Jim

1 Sense and Sensibility, The Remains of the Day, The Madness of King George, Miracle on 34th Street, Philadelphia, Much Ado About Nothing, and Schindler's List are films I loved. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Shadowlands
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Stone
3 I rate Len Wiseman movies. Any other suggestions?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 In the Line of Fire, Ed Wood, The Big Lebowski, The Goonies, Groundhog Day, The Untouchables, and Boogie Nights are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Best Years of Our Lives
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, best picture, William Wyler, Myrna Loy, veterans, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Coming Home, Teresa Wright
3 I prefer hiroshima movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barefoot Gen

1 I loved The Green Mile, My Fair Lady, The Pianist, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Arsenic and Old Lace, Gilda, and Invasion of the Body Snatchers. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	That's Entertainment!
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The True Story of Jesse James

1 Juno, The Sixth Sense, The Shining, The Silence of the Lambs, Rain Man, Good Will Hunting, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amélie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, whimsical, French, Paris, France, romantic, own, Audrey Tautou, Destiny, Life, fabulous, jeunet
3 I like Jamie Uys movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Gods Must Be Crazy

1 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Big Night, It's a Wonderful Life, Trainspotting, A Clockwork Orange, Witness, and Rain Man are films I like. I'm looking for a Priest movie.	The Exorcist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, franchise, scary, cult, Possession, exorcism, Priest, Max von Sydow, satan, gross, William Friedkin, Ellen Burstyn
3 I rate courtroom movies. Any other suggestions?	The Exorcism of Emily Rose

1 Seven Years in Tibet, A Few Good Men, Patton, The Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Traffic, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I love. I'm looking for a vietnam war movie.	Bat*21
2 What else is that about?	vietnam war, Gene Hackman, na
3 I like Tom Cruise movies more. Do you know anything else?	Born on the Fourth of July

1 I watched the films A Beautiful Mind, The City of Lost Children, Schindler's List, The Usual Suspects, The Godfather, Apocalypse Now, and Memento and loved them. I'm looking for a Robin Williams movie.	The Fisher King
2 What else is that about?	Robin Williams, Terry Gilliam, Jeff Bridges, gilliam
3 I rate Fantasy movies. Any other suggestions?	Night at the Museum

1 The Usual Suspects, Monsters, Inc., A Beautiful Mind, The Sixth Sense, Beverly Hills Cop, Saving Private Ryan, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Lewis Milestone movie.	Ocean's 11
2 Who is that directed by?	Lewis Milestone
3 I prefer Carol Reed movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mutiny on the Bounty

1 The Last Samurai, Fight Club, The Shawshank Redemption, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Sixth Sense, Lost in Translation, and Oldboy are movies I love. I'm looking for a Stieg Larsson movie.	The Girl Who Played with Fire
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, r, Swedish, sweden, Tattoo, Daniel Alfredson, Stieg Larsson
3 I like hospital movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest

1 Next, Happy Gilmore, Rain Man, Meet the Parents, The Rock, Billy Madison, and Con Air are films I love. I'm looking for a Ryan Reynolds movie.	The Change-Up
2 Who is that directed by?	David Dobkin
3 I like Rob McKittrick movies more. Do you know anything else?	Waiting...

1 Apocalypse Now, A Streetcar Named Desire, Dog Day Afternoon, The Godfather, When Harry Met Sally..., Casablanca, and The Graduate are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Tigerland
2 What else is that about?	vietnam war, Colin Farrell, louisiana
3 I prefer Russian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Doctor Zhivago

1 Muriel's Wedding, Crimson Tide, Aladdin, True Romance, Pulp Fiction, The Indian in the Cupboard, and First Knight are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	True Lies
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Jamie Lee Curtis, 1, schwarzenegger
3 I prefer Sylvester Stallone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Oscar

1 I liked The Full Monty, The Virgin Suicides, The Intouchables, The Motorcycle Diaries, Run Lola Run, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Willow. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Cherry Blossoms
2 What else is that about?	japan, German
3 I like Francesco Rosi movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Moment of Truth

1 The Fugitive, The Usual Suspects, Forrest Gump, Aladdin, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, and Beauty and the Beast are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Nicholas Hytner movie.	The Madness of King George
2 What else is that about?	madness, Nicholas Hytner
3 I rate school movies. Any other suggestions?	The History Boys

1 Seven Samurai, Ran, The Fisher King, The Shawshank Redemption, Ghostbusters, There's Something About Mary, and Taxi Driver are films I like. I'm looking for a Jon Favreau movie.	Swingers
2 Who does that star?	Vince Vaughn, Ron Livingston, Jon Favreau
3 I prefer Guy Pearce movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Iron Man 3

1 I watched the films The Others, Back to the Future, Amélie, Fight Club, Memento, The Matrix, and The Station Agent and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Live Free or Die Hard
2 What else is that about?	Action, Bruce Willis, computers, Good, united states
3 I prefer Mystery movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Maze Runner

1 I love The Lord of the Rings, Trainspotting, Confessions, Seven Samurai, Gone with the Wind, A Clockwork Orange, and Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel. I'm looking for a Mamoru Oshii movie.	Avalon
2 What else is that about?	virtual reality, Mamoru Oshii
3 I rate based on manga movies. Any other suggestions?	Ghost in the Shell

1 Once Were Warriors, Schindler's List, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, Das Boot, Blade Runner, Top Gun, and Platoon are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Highlander
2 Who does that star?	Sean Connery, Christopher Lambert, Clancy Brown, Roxanne Hart
3 I like Michelle Pfeiffer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Batman Returns

1 Run Lola Run, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Spanish Prisoner, The Breakfast Club, Sense and Sensibility, and Election are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christian Bale movie.	Newsies
2 What else is that about?	disney, Christian Bale
3 I prefer Kurt Wimmer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Equilibrium

1 Full Metal Jacket, Seven Samurai, The Searchers, Harold and Maude, Dracula, Throne of Blood, and And Now for Something Completely Different are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Beauty and the Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	David Lister
3 I prefer Michael Ritchie movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Simple Wish

1 Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, The Rules of the Game, The Graduate, Hannah and Her Sisters, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Fargo, and Catch Me If You Can are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Lady Eve
2 Who is that directed by?	Preston Sturges
3 I like Daniel Petrie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Six Pack

1 I love Princess Mononoke, Mad Max, Harold and Maude, The Man Who Planted Trees, North by Northwest, The Dark Crystal, and The Shining. I'm looking for a Forest Whitaker movie.	The Crying Game
2 Who is that directed by?	Neil Jordan
3 I like Forest Whitaker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hope Floats

1 The Fast and the Furious, Dirty Dancing, Ice Age, 10 Things I Hate About You, Tarzan, Love Actually, and Pretty Woman are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Coyote Ugly
2 Who is that directed by?	David McNally
3 I rate Francis Veber movies. Any other suggestions?	The Closet

1 I really like The House of Yes, Dead Poets Society, A Clockwork Orange, Full Metal Jacket, Rain Man, Apocalypse Now, and The Shining. I'm looking for a Steve Buscemi movie.	Mystery Train
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I like Steve Buscemi movies more. Do you know anything else?	Trees Lounge

1 Apocalypse Now, Beauty and the Beast, Memento, Life Is Beautiful, Aliens, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a Susan Sarandon movie.	The Rocky Horror Picture Show
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, national film registry, cult, Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry
3 I prefer Tommy Lee Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In the Valley of Elah

1 The Bourne Supremacy, Children of Men, Ip Man, Inception, The Departed, Enemy at the Gates, and The Bourne Ultimatum are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Takeshi Kaneshiro movie.	Red Cliff
2 What else is that about?	War, Epic, china, John Woo, Takeshi Kaneshiro, han dynasty
3 I rate Love movies. Any other suggestions?	Chungking Express

1 I like Copycat, Outbreak, Waterworld, Stargate, Pulp Fiction, Clear and Present Danger, and Disclosure. I'm looking for a Laurence Fishburne movie.	Just Cause
2 What else is that about?	Laurence Fishburne
3 I prefer Kevin Spacey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	21

1 Army of Darkness, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Silence of the Lambs, The Right Stuff, Aliens, Phenomenon, and Star Trek are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kung Fu Hustle
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Chow
3 I like Wallace Beery movies more. Do you know anything else?	Ah, Wilderness!

1 I loved The Draughtsman's Contract, A Grand Day Out, A Close Shave, The Pillow Book, Roman Holiday, Drowning by Numbers, and When the Cat's Away. I'm looking for a Good movie.	City of Women
2 Who is that directed by?	Federico Fellini
3 I like Len Wiseman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 I loved Being John Malkovich, A Close Shave, Akira, Ghost in the Shell, The Wrong Trousers, Fantasia, and The Lord of the Rings. I'm looking for a directorial debut movie.	The Secret of NIMH
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, directorial debut, animated, rats, Don Bluth
3 I prefer Joe Mantegna movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	House of Games

1 Lethal Weapon 4, Ronin, and Breakfast at Tiffany's are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Poltergeist
2 Who is that directed by?	Tobe Hooper
3 I rate Mitchell Altieri movies. Any other suggestions?	The Thompsons

1 I really like Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Player, Strictly Ballroom, Seven Samurai, American Beauty, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Aladdin. I'm looking for a superheroes movie.	Mystery Men
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, superheroes, William H. Macy
3 I like comics movies more. Do you know anything else?	Superman

1 I loved Ride with the Devil, Beat the Devil, Malice, Following, Pulp Fiction, The War of the Roses, and The Hudsucker Proxy. I'm looking for a John Turturro movie.	The Luzhin Defence
2 Who does that star?	John Turturro, Emily Watson
3 I rate John Goodman movies. Any other suggestions?	Barton Fink

1 The Patriot, X-Men, Braveheart, The Rock, Top Gun, Saving Private Ryan, and The Hunt for Red October are films I really liked. I'm looking for a F. Gary Gray movie.	The Negotiator
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Samuel L. Jackson, Kevin Spacey, 1, F. Gary Gray
3 I prefer Gerard Butler movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Law Abiding Citizen

1 I really liked Schindler's List, Braveheart, My Dog Skip, Mallrats, Analyze This, Fight Club, and The Truman Show. I'm looking for a spy movie.	Tomorrow Never Dies
2 What else is that about?	james bond, spy, bond, Pierce Brosnan
3 I rate sequel movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bourne Supremacy

1 Forrest Gump, Speed, The Rock, Mr. Holland's Opus, The Shawshank Redemption, The Fugitive, and Hoop Dreams are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	The Italian Job

1 Night of the Living Dead, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Terminator, October Sky, Goldfinger, Deliverance, and Back to the Future are films I like. I'm looking for a Western movie.	Jeremiah Johnson
2 What else is that about?	Robert Redford, Sydney Pollack, mountain man
3 I prefer Western movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Long Riders

1 I really like Joe's Apartment, Akira, Cry-Baby, Up in Smoke, The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, Big Fish, and Cube. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood
2 What else is that about?	wayans brothers
3 I like Divorce movies more. Do you know anything else?	The War of the Roses

1 Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Sleepy Hollow, Shine, Talk to Her, Apocalypse Now, The Fugitive, and American Psycho are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bring It On
2 Who does that star?	Kirsten Dunst, Eliza Dushku
3 I prefer Robyn Lively movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Teen Witch

1 Life Is Beautiful, Inception, Michael Clayton, Big Night, The Lives of Others, Casablanca, and V for Vendetta are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Short movie.	Cashback
2 What else is that about?	Short
3 I prefer Billy Bob Thornton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade

1 I really like The Princess Bride, Psycho, Schindler's List, Good Will Hunting, Titus, The Sixth Sense, and American History X. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Muppet Movie
2 Who is that directed by?	James Frawley
3 I rate Reginald Hudlin movies. Any other suggestions?	Boomerang

1 Time Bandits, The Godfather, A Clockwork Orange, Happiness, Three Kings, Trainspotting, and Vertigo are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Midnight Run
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Brest
3 I prefer Jackie Chan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Police Story

1 Big, Jurassic Park, Beetlejuice, Joy Ride, Bandits, The Blues Brothers, and Monsters, Inc. are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Yentl
2 Who is that directed by?	Barbra Streisand
3 I rate George Marshall movies. Any other suggestions?	Pot o' Gold

1 Gladiator, The Abyss, Toy Story 2, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Last Boy Scout, Mulholland Drive, and Papillon are films I love. I'm looking for a twist movie.	Fight Club
2 What else is that about?	Action, twist ending, violence, r, Brad Pitt, dvd, Edward Norton, ending, David Fincher, Helena Bonham Carter, twist, adaptation, Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club
3 I rate Danny Glover movies. Any other suggestions?	Saw

1 I really like Porco Rosso, The Departed, Clue, Drop Dead Gorgeous, Sita Sings the Blues, Children of Men, and The Prestige. I'm looking for a yakuza movie.	Tekkonkinkreet
2 What else is that about?	anime, yakuza, manga
3 I rate Seijun Suzuki movies. Any other suggestions?	Tokyo Drifter

1 I loved Die Hard, Memento, Schindler's List, The Shawshank Redemption, The Usual Suspects, The Sixth Sense, and A Few Good Men. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	American Pie
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, teen, virginity, Seann William Scott, Alyson Hannigan, Jason Biggs, Chris Weitz, Shannon Elizabeth, Chris Klein
3 I rate Lloyd Bridges movies. Any other suggestions?	Hot Shots!

1 The Searchers, Manhattan, Rain Man, Unforgiven, Cool Hand Luke, Stop Making Sense, and The Fisher King are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	On the Town
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Donen, Gene Kelly
3 I like Mark Sandrich movies more. Do you know anything else?	Follow the Fleet

1 Apocalypse Now, Victor Victoria, The Killing Fields, The Shining, My Fair Lady, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Son in Law
2 What else is that about?	Pauly Shore
3 I like Lasse Hallström movies more. Do you know anything else?	Once Around

1 GoldenEye, In the Line of Fire, Mr. Holland's Opus, Clerks, The Shawshank Redemption, Independence Day, and Jurassic Park are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mrs. Soffel

1 I liked American History X, Half Baked, The Boy Who Could Fly, Rear Window, Fight Club, Face/Off, and What About Bob?. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Dream Team
2 What else is that about?	Christopher Lloyd, Michael Keaton, Peter Boyle, Howard Zieff
3 I prefer fish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Finding Nemo

1 The Motorcycle Diaries, Goodfellas, Days of Heaven, Blue Velvet, Romeo + Juliet, The Graduate, and Bad Education are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown
2 Who does that star?	Antonio Banderas, Carmen Maura
3 I like Alan Cumming movies more. Do you know anything else?	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion

1 I really liked On the Waterfront, Rear Window, The Shining, Midnight Cowboy, The Fugitive, L.A. Confidential, and Get Shorty. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand by Me
2 What else is that about?	Drama, coming of age, Stephen King, Rob Reiner
3 I rate John Berry movies. Any other suggestions?	He Ran All the Way

1 I like Bringing Up Baby, Cape Fear, It Happened One Night, As Good as It Gets, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Conversation, and Vertigo. I'm looking for a Gene Tierney movie.	Laura
2 Who does that star?	Vincent Price, Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney, Clifton Webb
3 I rate Rex Harrison movies. Any other suggestions?	The Ghost and Mrs. Muir

1 I really like Hotel Transylvania, Nobody Walks, The Letter, The Babymakers, Coco Before Chanel, Hello I Must Be Going, and Go. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Arbitrage
2 Who does that star?	Tim Roth, Richard Gere, Susan Sarandon, Brit Marling
3 I prefer Daniel Stern movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Breaking Away

1 I really like The Usual Suspects, Naked, Babe, Ed Wood, Hoop Dreams, Space Jam, and Muriel's Wedding. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Short Cuts
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I prefer Rouben Mamoulian movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Becky Sharp

1 The Matrix, Strictly Ballroom, Casablanca, Ghost World, The King of Comedy, Hoop Dreams, and Pinocchio are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who does that star?	Dylan McDermott, Richard Attenborough, Elizabeth Perkins
3 I like Raquel Welch movies more. Do you know anything else?	One Million Years B.C.

1 I really liked The Fifth Element, Groundhog Day, The Outlaw Josey Wales, Scrooged, The Big Lebowski, As Good as It Gets, and Serenity. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ghostbusters II
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, supernatural, paranormal
3 I prefer Bernie Mac movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Original Kings of Comedy

1 10 Things I Hate About You, 28 Weeks Later, 17 Again, 1408, Moonstruck, The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad, and The 'Burbs are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	After the Sunset
2 Who is that directed by?	Brett Ratner
3 I like Arthur Hiller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Penelope

1 Beauty and the Beast, Batman Forever, The Lion King, Clear and Present Danger, Aladdin, Heat, and The American President are films I love. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Tombstone
2 Who is that directed by?	George P. Cosmatos, Kevin Jarre
3 I like Ric Roman Waugh movies more. Do you know anything else?	Felon

1 I liked Braveheart, Dead Man Walking, True Romance, Glory, The Deer Hunter, Dazed and Confused, and Dead Poets Society. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Hoop Dreams
2 What else is that about?	High School, Documentary, school, basketball, Chicago, Steve James
3 I prefer Alain Resnais movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Night and Fog

1 The Birdcage, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Airplane!, The African Queen, On the Waterfront, Pretty Woman, and Guys and Dolls are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Miracle on 34th Street
2 Who is that directed by?	Les Mayfield
3 I like Renny Harlin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Legend of Hercules

1 I watched the films Apocalypse Now, Barry Lyndon, L.A. Confidential, The Big Lebowski, Pulp Fiction, Miller's Crossing, and The Thin Red Line and loved them. I'm looking for a biopic movie.	The Last Emperor
2 Who does that star?	Peter O'Toole, John Lone, Joan Chen, Ruocheng Ying
3 I prefer Joy Bryant movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Baadasssss!

1 I like The Third Man, Bananas, Full Metal Jacket, The Exorcist, Raiders of the Lost Ark, 12 Angry Men, and A Clockwork Orange. I'm looking for a Robin Hood movie.	The Adventures of Robin Hood
2 What else is that about?	swashbuckler, Michael Curtiz, Robin Hood, Errol Flynn, William Keighley, Olivia de Havilland, Outlaw
3 I like Richard Harris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Robin and Marian

1 Get Shorty, Glory, Primal Fear, Cool Hand Luke, The Shining, Doctor Zhivago, and Caddyshack are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three
2 Who does that star?	Martin Balsam, Robert Shaw, Walter Matthau
3 I rate Joel Courtney movies. Any other suggestions?	Super 8

1 Blade Runner, Saving Private Ryan, The Sixth Sense, and Fargo are films I loved. I'm looking for a Martin Scorsese movie.	Taxi Driver
2 What else is that about?	new york city, Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, national film registry, New York, Vigilante, Jodie Foster, Harvey Keitel, Taxi Driver, Peter Boyle, Cybill Shepherd
3 I like Casino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Casino

1 I really like A Christmas Story, The Return of Martin Guerre, Doctor Zhivago, Harold and Maude, The Killing Fields, Das Boot, and A Streetcar Named Desire. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Night Shift
2 Who does that star?	Michael Keaton, Henry Winkler, Shelley Long
3 I prefer Bernadette Peters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Jerk

1 Downfall, The Wrong Trousers, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Lives of Others, American Graffiti, Taxi Driver, and Do the Right Thing are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Lawrence of Arabia
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, cinematography, War, History, Epic, biographical, desert, world war i, best picture, Peter O'Toole, David Lean, super panavision 70
3 I like Daniel Craig movies more. Do you know anything else?	Road to Perdition

1 Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Being John Malkovich, Mystic River, On the Waterfront, The Shawshank Redemption, Dogma, and Raging Bull are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	Analyze This
2 Who is that directed by?	Harold Ramis
3 I prefer Bernardo Bertolucci movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	1900

1 The Right Stuff, Back to the Future, Platoon, Gladiator, Toy Story, Central Station, and Flight of the Navigator are films I love. I'm looking for a spielberg movie.	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
2 What else is that about?	Steven Spielberg, emotional, spielberg, stranded, Drew Barrymore, e.t.
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Lincoln

1 The Fugitive, Dances with Wolves, Road to Perdition, The Dark Knight, The Green Mile, A Beautiful Mind, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Regarding Henry
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Michael J. Weithorn movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Little Help

1 The Dark Knight Rises, Washington Square, A Room with a View, The Celebration, Mary and Max, Much Ado About Nothing, and Jesus Christ Superstar are films I loved. I'm looking for a massacre movie.	Zero Day
2 What else is that about?	High School, massacre
3 I rate colorado movies. Any other suggestions?	Soldier Blue

1 The Secret Garden, Twister, Babe, Braveheart, Schindler's List, and Clear and Present Danger are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Ransom
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, Mel Gibson, Ron Howard, Gary Sinise, Lili Taylor, Rene Russo
3 I like Don Siegel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Charley Varrick

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump, Jerry Maguire, Richard III, The Truman Show, The Elephant Man, and Dead Poets Society are movies I love. I'm looking for a Police movie.	In the Heat of the Night
2 Who is that directed by?	Norman Jewison
3 I like Ridley Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blade Runner

1 Alien, The Godfather, Lawrence of Arabia, West Side Story, The Shining, Blade Runner, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	All the President's Men
2 Who does that star?	Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford
3 I like Suzy Delair movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Murderer Lives at Number 21

1 The Hunt for Red October, Now You See Me, The Amazing Spider-Man, The Hunger Games, Iron Man 2, Dogma, and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ted
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, directorial debut, Mark Wahlberg, Mila Kunis, boston, Seth MacFarlane
3 I like Barbara Stanwyck movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Lady Eve

1 Smoke Signals, The Godfather, Smoke, Apocalypse Now, Election, Big Night, and North by Northwest are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Lone Star
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, small town, Texas, Chris Cooper, John Sayles
3 I rate Giuseppe Tornatore movies. Any other suggestions?	The Unknown Woman

1 Gattaca, Back to the Future, La Femme Nikita, Trainspotting, Akira, The Incredibles, and The Truman Show are movies I love. I'm looking for a cult movie.	Heathers
2 Who does that star?	Winona Ryder, Christian Slater
3 I rate Christopher Lee movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wicker Man

1 I really liked Natural Born Killers, The Silence of the Lambs, Disclosure, The Sound of Music, Legends of the Fall, Tombstone, and Heat. I'm looking for a mythology movie.	Stargate
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Emmerich
3 I like Guillermo del Toro movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 I love Being John Malkovich, The Constant Gardener, Life Is Beautiful, Trainspotting, Fargo, Pulp Fiction, and As Good as It Gets. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	I'm Not Scared
2 What else is that about?	Crime, r, kidnapping, 1970s, italy, Gabriele Salvatores
3 I prefer Sylvester Stallone movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Cop Land

1 I really liked Groundhog Day, MASH, The Sting, Scarface, The Odd Couple, Forrest Gump, and American Beauty. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Stand and Deliver
2 Who does that star?	Edward James Olmos
3 I like John Marley movies more. Do you know anything else?	Faces

1 Election, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, Roman Holiday, The Talented Mr. Ripley, The Nightmare Before Christmas, An Ideal Husband, and American Beauty are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Bowfinger
2 Who does that star?	Eddie Murphy, Steve Martin, Heather Graham
3 I rate Thandie Newton movies. Any other suggestions?	Gridlock'd

1 I watched the films Exotica, Drugstore Cowboy, Mansfield Park, Lost Highway, A Clockwork Orange, Underground, and Stop Making Sense and loved them. I'm looking for a shakespeare movie.	Titus
2 Who is that directed by?	Julie Taymor
3 I prefer Akira Kurosawa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ran

1 I really like The Remains of the Day, Schindler's List, Dances with Wolves, Braveheart, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Fugitive. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Dead Man Walking
2 Who does that star?	Sean Penn, Susan Sarandon
3 I like Agnès Jaoui movies more. Do you know anything else?	Look at Me

1 The Birdcage, Nixon, The Juror, Dead Man Walking, Executive Decision, Twister, and Fargo are films I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Eraser
2 What else is that about?	Action, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Caan, Chuck Russell, vanessa l. williams
3 I rate Uwe Boll movies. Any other suggestions?	Postal

1 I love A Clockwork Orange, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, Cape Fear, Unforgiven, Metropolis, The Wizard of Oz, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Bank Dick
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Edward F. Cline
3 I like Joseph H. Lewis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gun Crazy

1 Seven Samurai, Key Largo, Alien, Total Recall, Braveheart, Double Indemnity, and Annie Hall are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	King Kong
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Monster, King Kong, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Landlord

1 I love A Fish Called Wanda, Shakespeare in Love, The Shawshank Redemption, Muriel's Wedding, The Red Violin, Gandhi, and Sophie's Choice. I'm looking for a Tom Waits movie.	Night on Earth
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Jarmusch
3 I rate Robert Altman movies. Any other suggestions?	Short Cuts

1 Chasing Amy, Ghostbusters II, The Matrix, The Truman Show, Death to Smoochy, Gettysburg, and The 39 Steps are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sarah Jessica Parker movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I like Thomas Bezucha movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Family Stone

1 The Three Musketeers, Caddyshack, National Lampoon's Vacation, The Spy Who Loved Me, Private Benjamin, For Your Eyes Only, and Spaceballs are films I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Back to the Future Part II
2 What else is that about?	time travel, Adventure, sequel, future, science fiction, own, Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, Robert Zemeckis, time, 2015, Lea Thompson, delorean, time machine
3 I like Rouben Mamoulian movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mark of Zorro

1 Days of Heaven, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Citizen Kane, Goodfellas, Best in Show, A Christmas Story, and The Maltese Falcon are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I like Ben Affleck movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Town

1 The Usual Suspects, Dark City, Bambi, Jacob's Ladder, Catch Me If You Can, The Fifth Element, and Dances with Wolves are films I really liked. I'm looking for a space movie.	The Last Starfighter
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Castle
3 I rate Don Bluth movies. Any other suggestions?	Titan A.E.

1 I watched the films Jesus Christ Superstar, On the Beach, It's a Wonderful Life, The Thomas Crown Affair, Jaws, Miracle on 34th Street, and Little Big Man and loved them. I'm looking for an iraq war movie.	Taking Chance
2 What else is that about?	Kevin Bacon, iraq war
3 I prefer military movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hurt Locker

1 Goodfellas, Metropolis, Back to the Future, The Shining, Groundhog Day, Aliens, and Akira are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Superman movie.	Superman II
2 What else is that about?	superhero, super-hero, Gene Hackman, Superman, Christopher Reeve
3 I rate Kevin Spacey movies. Any other suggestions?	Superman Returns

1 I love The English Patient, Ghostbusters II, Chinatown, Jean de Florette, Best in Show, Pulp Fiction, and Fantasia. I'm looking for a War movie.	How I Won the War
2 What else is that about?	bd-r
3 I prefer Roberto Rossellini movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rome, Open City

1 The Big Lebowski, Pulp Fiction, The Princess Bride, Dangerous Liaisons, The Usual Suspects, Blade Runner, and Toy Story 2 are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Bill Pullman movie.	Zero Effect
2 Who does that star?	Ben Stiller, Bill Pullman
3 I like Chris Pine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bottle Shock

1 Anne Frank Remembered, Contact, Bridget Jones's Diary, Total Recall, Die Hard, Misery, and Titanic are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tobe Hooper movie.	Poltergeist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, ghosts, supernatural, spielberg, Tobe Hooper
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Invaders from Mars

1 True Lies, The Quiet Man, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, A Christmas Carol, The Lion King, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Rear Window are movies I like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Fried Green Tomatoes
2 Who is that directed by?	Jon Avnet
3 I rate Darren Stein movies. Any other suggestions?	Jawbreaker

1 I love The Shawshank Redemption, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Fresh, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, American Beauty, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Scarface
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, gangster, Howard Hawks
3 I prefer tarantino movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Reservoir Dogs

1 I really liked Casino, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Reality Bites, Stargate, I Shot Andy Warhol, A Bronx Tale, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	Rockne S. O'Bannon
3 I prefer Michael Keusch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shadow Man

1 The Long Kiss Goodnight, Phenomenon, Jerry Maguire, Die Hard, Heat, Clerks, and True Lies are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Muriel's Wedding
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Australia, wedding, australian, Toni Collette, Rachel Griffiths
3 I like Lewis Gilbert movies more. Do you know anything else?	Educating Rita

1 Go, Das Boot, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, The Shawshank Redemption, Magnolia, The Hidden, and Gandhi are films I liked. I'm looking for a tokyo movie.	Akira
2 Who does that star?	Mami Koyama, Mitsuo Iwata, Nozomu Sasaki
3 I like Ellen Page movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inception

1 Donnie Darko, Emma, Life Is Beautiful, The Sound of Music, Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, Whale Rider, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off are films I loved. I'm looking for an england movie.	Mansfield Park
2 What else is that about?	england, Jane Austen
3 I like Peter Chelsom movies more. Do you know anything else?	Funny Bones

1 The Wizard of Oz, Patton, The Silence of the Lambs, The Godfather, The Terminator, Gandhi, and Headhunters are films I really like. I'm looking for a Willem Dafoe movie.	Platoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Stone
3 I rate Steve Buscemi movies. Any other suggestions?	Animal Factory

1 I watched the films Braveheart, Independence Day, Apollo 13, and The Hunt for Red October and loved them. I'm looking for a Chris Columbus movie.	Stepmom
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus

1 I like Demolition Man, The Birdcage, Aladdin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Schindler's List, Batman, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Louisa May Alcott movie.	Little Women
2 What else is that about?	classic, Mervyn LeRoy, Louisa May Alcott

1 I loved A Walk in the Clouds, Romeo + Juliet, The Matrix, Oscar and Lucinda, Anchors Aweigh, The End of the Affair, and Saving Private Ryan. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Bed of Roses
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Mary Stuart Masterson
3 I rate Claire Danes movies. Any other suggestions?	It's All About Love

1 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, The Incredibles, Tangled, Iron Man 3, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and 10 Things I Hate About You are films I loved. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Les Misérables
2 What else is that about?	Musical, Police, historical, france, Russell Crowe, Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, cast, Victor Hugo, Tom Hooper
3 I rate musicians movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mambo Kings

1 I really like Catch Me If You Can, October Sky, 21, Black Swan, and Batman Begins. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Shades of Ray
2 Who does that star?	Zachary Levi

1 EuroTrip, Equilibrium, The Number 23, and Renaissance are films I loved. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Invisible
2 What else is that about?	remake
3 I rate rape movies. Any other suggestions?	Straw Dogs

1 Triumph of the Will, Y Tu Mamá También, King Kong, The Birds, Vertigo, Blade Runner, and The Wild Bunch are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Christopher Walken movie.	Heaven's Gate
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, r, Western, Epic, Christopher Walken, John Hurt, Michael Cimino, Kris Kristofferson
3 I like Johnny Depp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Nick of Time

1 I like Stop Making Sense, Office Space, Kids, Say Anything..., Rushmore, Dazed and Confused, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Dreams movie.	Brazil
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, Fantasy, satire, Robert De Niro, Dreams, own, Terry Gilliam, gilliam, dystopian, Michael Palin, Jonathan Pryce
3 I like consciousness movies more. Do you know anything else?	Waking Life

1 Whale Rider, Winged Migration, Napoleon Dynamite, The Shawshank Redemption, The Manchurian Candidate, Communion, and In America are movies I like. I'm looking for a Mario Van Peebles movie.	Baadasssss!
2 What else is that about?	biopic, Mario Van Peebles

1 I like The Shawshank Redemption, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Michael Clarke Duncan movie.	The Green Mile
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks, David Morse, Michael Clarke Duncan, Bonnie Hunt
3 I prefer Ben Affleck movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Daredevil

1 Rosemary's Baby, Sid and Nancy, Big, Brighton Beach Memoirs, Caddyshack, Edward Scissorhands, and The Man with the Golden Gun are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Towelhead
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan Ball
3 I prefer Sacha Gervasi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hitchcock

1 Castle in the Sky, Casino, Eastern Promises, Traffic, The Machinist, The Social Network, and Boyhood are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Joe
2 Who is that directed by?	John G. Avildsen
3 I like Ken Loach movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bread and Roses

1 The Ice Storm, Gilda, Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead, The Crying Game, A Room with a View, Dead Man Walking, and Dead Ringers are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Lolita
2 Who does that star?	James Mason, Shelley Winters, Sue Lyon
3 I like Warren Beatty movies more. Do you know anything else?	All Fall Down

1 Say Anything..., Seven Samurai, Heat, Apocalypse Now, Inglourious Basterds, Ghostbusters, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Sexy Beast
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Glazer
3 I prefer Bob Rafelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Widow

1 Groundhog Day, Night of the Living Dead, The Conversation, A Christmas Story, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Rosemary's Baby, and 12 Angry Men are films I like. I'm looking for a Frank Capra movie.	Arsenic and Old Lace
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, dark comedy, Cary Grant, Frank Capra
3 I like Fantasy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lost Horizon

1 Home Alone, A Walk in the Clouds, Sense and Sensibility, Philadelphia, Dances with Wolves, Apollo 13, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Age of Innocence
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Winona Ryder
3 I like Heath Ledger movies more. Do you know anything else?	10 Things I Hate About You

1 Psycho, The Shining, Pulp Fiction, Glengarry Glen Ross, The Big Lebowski, The Godfather, and Full Metal Jacket are films I loved. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Fly
2 What else is that about?	remade
3 I prefer Horror movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	What Lies Beneath

1 I really like Breaking Away, Klute, The Producers, Meet Me in St. Louis, Gaslight, Ninotchka, and Speed. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	Against All Odds
2 Who is that directed by?	Taylor Hackford

1 Toy Story, The Matrix, Donnie Darko, A Grand Day Out, A Clockwork Orange, Cube, and Alien are films I really like. I'm looking for a cold war movie.	WarGames
2 What else is that about?	dvd, military, cold war, nuclear war, Matthew Broderick, get, avi, computer game, John Badham, simulation
3 I rate William Fichtner movies. Any other suggestions?	Phantom

1 Toy Story 2, The Seventh Sign, The Lord of the Rings, Shine, The Jerk, Office Space, and Goodfellas are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bringing Out the Dead
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Scorsese
3 I prefer Shinji Aoyama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eureka

1 Network, Hud, The Godfather, Young Frankenstein, The Lion in Winter, American Beauty, and Henry V are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Rita Hayworth movie.	Pal Joey
2 Who is that directed by?	George Sidney
3 I rate Frank Darabont movies. Any other suggestions?	The Shawshank Redemption

1 Go, National Lampoon's Vacation, The Sixth Sense, There's Something About Mary, The Godfather, A Nightmare on Elm Street, and Carrie are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Jamie Lee Curtis movie.	True Lies
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, r, Arnold Schwarzenegger, arnold, James Cameron, Jamie Lee Curtis, 1, schwarzenegger
3 I like Lindsay Lohan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Freaky Friday

1 Waiting for Guffman, Being John Malkovich, Dark City, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Royal Tenenbaums, The House of Yes, and Flirting with Disaster are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Hal Ashby movie.	Being There
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, television, Peter Sellers, Hal Ashby
3 I like Jane Fonda movies more. Do you know anything else?	Coming Home

1 I loved Raiders of the Lost Ark, V for Vendetta, and Pulp Fiction. I'm looking for a Peter Weir movie.	Fearless
2 What else is that about?	Jeff Bridges, Peter Weir, Isabella Rossellini
3 I rate Australia movies. Any other suggestions?	Picnic at Hanging Rock

1 I liked Jurassic Park and Shaun of the Dead. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Clue
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Lynn
3 I prefer Robin Hardy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Wicker Man

1 Dead Poets Society, Life Is Beautiful, Aladdin, La Femme Nikita, Dangerous Liaisons, Alice in Wonderland, and Primal Fear are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Holland's Opus
2 What else is that about?	Music, High School, teacher, William H. Macy, Richard Dreyfuss, Stephen Herek, Olympia Dukakis
3 I like detective movies more. Do you know anything else?	In the Heat of the Night

1 I liked The Princess Bride, Fight Club, Dazed and Confused, The Matrix, American History X, Trainspotting, and Empire Records. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Office Space
2 Who does that star?	Jennifer Aniston, Ron Livingston, Ajay Naidu, David Herman
3 I rate Christopher Atkins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Pirate Movie

1 Shadow of a Doubt, Double Indemnity, A Streetcar Named Desire, Being John Malkovich, Roman Holiday, Jaws, and Casablanca are movies I liked. I'm looking for a childhood movie.	The World of Apu
2 Who is that directed by?	Satyajit Ray
3 I prefer J.A. Bayona movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Orphanage

1 Night of the Living Dead, House, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Mary and Max, Hellraiser, Madhouse, and Blade Runner are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle
2 Who does that star?	Michael Elphick, Anthony Daniels
3 I prefer Bonnie Hunt movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Only You

1 Memento, Alien, Das Boot, Dune, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Aliens, and Full Metal Jacket are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Naomi Watts movie.	The Ring
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, Horror, remake, Naomi Watts, Japanese, japanese horror, Gore Verbinski, videotape, mysterious
3 I prefer Vincent Cassel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Eastern Promises

1 Office Space, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Serial Mom, Red Dragon, The Breakfast Club, Memento, and Bordello of Blood are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hellboy
2 Who is that directed by?	Guillermo del Toro
3 I like Neill Blomkamp movies more. Do you know anything else?	Elysium

1 Alien, From Russia with Love, Quiz Show, Swingers, Die Hard, Wings of Desire, and Goodfellas are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suicide, Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Canyons

1 Harold and Maude, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Memento, Amélie, The Shining, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I like Keith Gordon movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Midnight Clear

1 The Usual Suspects and Memento are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Fight Club movie.	Fight Club
2 Who is that directed by?	David Fincher

1 I liked My Life as a Dog, The Shining, Boys Don't Cry, Heathers, Fargo, Rushmore, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for a History movie.	The Celluloid Closet
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, gay, lesbian, hollywood, Rob Epstein
3 I rate Jon Voight movies. Any other suggestions?	National Treasure

1 Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Forrest Gump, Schindler's List, Patriot Games, Platoon, Braveheart, and Saving Private Ryan are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Hunt for Red October
2 What else is that about?	Action, Thriller, War, Sean Connery, cold war, cia, Alec Baldwin, Sam Neill, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, John McTiernan, James Earl Jones, clancy
3 I like London movies more. Do you know anything else?	Notes on a Scandal

1 I loved Reservoir Dogs, The Shining, Taxi Driver, Blue Velvet, Fargo, Barry Lyndon, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Temptation of Christ
2 Who does that star?	Willem Dafoe, Harvey Keitel
3 I rate Alice Faye movies. Any other suggestions?	In Old Chicago

1 Ghost, In the Line of Fire, Nell, Broken Arrow, Eye for an Eye, Congo, and The Next Karate Kid are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Judge Dredd
2 What else is that about?	comic book, Police, future, Sylvester Stallone, Rob Schneider, stallone, Danny Cannon
3 I rate Crime movies. Any other suggestions?	The Town

1 Memento, Brazil, Fight Club, Apocalypse Now, American History X, Being John Malkovich, and Goodfellas are films I love. I'm looking for a Stanley Kubrick movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I like historical movies more. Do you know anything else?	Spartacus

1 I loved 10 Things I Hate About You, In the Name of the Father, The Matrix, Stand by Me, Uncle Buck, Rosemary's Baby, and Duck Soup. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Can't Buy Me Love
2 What else is that about?	High School, beatles, Patrick Dempsey, Steve Rash
3 I like Goldie Hawn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The First Wives Club

1 Speed, X-Men, Batman Begins, The Bourne Identity, The Truman Show, The Evil Dead, and Ghostbusters are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Rodriguez movie.	Planet Terror
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Rodriguez
3 I like Quentin Tarantino movies more. Do you know anything else?	Grindhouse

1 I loved A Close Shave, The Graduate, The Princess Bride, Carnal Knowledge, Drugstore Cowboy, To Die For, and Fletch. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Family Plot
2 What else is that about?	Hitchcock
3 I like Adam Wingard movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Guest

1 Forrest Gump, Babe, and Beauty and the Beast are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Little Princess
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfonso Cuarón
3 I prefer John Boulting movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Magic Box

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Malice, Rear Window, Fried Green Tomatoes, Heavenly Creatures, Six Degrees of Separation, and Muriel's Wedding are movies I love. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Othello
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Burge
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Sleepless in Seattle, Schindler's List, Pretty Woman, The Net, Ghost, Babe, and The Lion King are movies I really like. I'm looking for a cia movie.	Clear and Present Danger
2 What else is that about?	Action, Harrison Ford, cia, Tom Clancy, jack ryan, Phillip Noyce, clancy
3 I rate Jake Gyllenhaal movies. Any other suggestions?	Rendition

1 Remember the Titans, The Greatest Game Ever Played, Antwone Fisher, The Butterfly Effect, First Kid, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and A Walk to Remember are movies I love. I'm looking for a Shia LaBeouf movie.	Disturbia
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Shia LaBeouf, David Morse
3 I prefer New York movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints

1 I liked Alien, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, The Manchurian Candidate, Brazil, Mad Max, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and Notorious. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Village of the Damned
2 Who is that directed by?	Wolf Rilla
3 I prefer Tod Browning movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Where East Is East

1 I like Sleeper, Raging Bull, Gods and Monsters, His Girl Friday, Some Like It Hot, A Streetcar Named Desire, and Looking for Richard. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	The Purple Rose of Cairo
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Woody Allen
3 I like Herbert Ross movies more. Do you know anything else?	Play It Again, Sam

1 The Replacements, Air Force One, American Pie 2, Men in Black, Speed, Don't Say a Word, and The Fast and the Furious are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Single White Female
2 Who is that directed by?	Barbet Schroeder
3 I like George Sluizer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crimetime

1 Dracula, The Sting, Highlander, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Wizard of Oz, Alien, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a John Woo movie.	The Killer
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo

1 I really liked Ran, Mulholland Drive, Jacob's Ladder, The Dreamlife of Angels, The Thin Blue Line, Breaking the Waves, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Walk on the Moon
2 Who does that star?	Diane Lane, Anna Paquin
3 I like Daniel Auteuil movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Eighth Day

1 I really liked Delicatessen, Rocky II, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Boyz n the Hood, Toy Story 2, Aladdin, and Slumdog Millionaire. I'm looking for a r movie.	The Edukators
2 What else is that about?	r
3 I rate Kevin Spacey movies. Any other suggestions?	The Men Who Stare at Goats

1 Psycho, Seven Samurai, The Shawshank Redemption, Moulin Rouge!, Fight Club, A Clockwork Orange, and Memento are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Dirty Harry
2 Who does that star?	Clint Eastwood
3 I like Rhona Mitra movies more. Do you know anything else?	Highwaymen

1 The Fountain, Black Swan, Reservoir Dogs, Das Boot, My Neighbor Totoro, Letters from Iwo Jima, and A Clockwork Orange are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Enter the Void
2 Who does that star?	Paz de la Huerta, Cyril Roy, Nathaniel Brown
3 I like Maggie Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing

1 I like Patton, Reservoir Dogs, Apollo 13, Nosferatu, Alien, Apocalypse Now, and Scream. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Killing Fields
2 Who is that directed by?	Roland Joffé
3 I prefer Steven Spielberg movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Empire of the Sun

1 Beauty and the Beast, Independence Day, The Fugitive, Apollo 13, The Shawshank Redemption, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and Crimson Tide are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Damon Wayans movie.	Major Payne
2 Who does that star?	Damon Wayans
3 I rate Dan Aykroyd movies. Any other suggestions?	Celtic Pride

1 I really like Wonder Boys, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Shadowlands, Smoke Signals, Elizabeth, Emma, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pecker
2 What else is that about?	John Waters, Edward Furlong
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	101 Dalmatians

1 Goodfellas, Immortal Beloved, Evil Dead II, Friday, Aliens, Jade, and Nine Months are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Kiss of Death
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Crime, Henry Hathaway
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Train

1 ¡Three Amigos!, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, The Virgin Suicides, The War of the Roses, Ghost World, Gods and Monsters, and The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert are movies I loved. I'm looking for a space movie.	Moonraker
2 What else is that about?	space, james bond, bond, Roger Moore
3 I like Dennis Quaid movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pandorum

1 I really liked Heat, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The Usual Suspects, Desperado, Casino, Reservoir Dogs, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Radioland Murders
2 Who does that star?	Ned Beatty, Mary Stuart Masterson, George Burns, Brian Benben
3 I prefer Robert Lang movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont

1 I watched the films Fools Rush In, The Mirror Has Two Faces, Ghost, When Harry Met Sally..., Alien, Saving Private Ryan, and Sleepless in Seattle and loved them. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Abyss
2 Who is that directed by?	James Cameron
3 I prefer Tom Dey movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shanghai Noon

1 Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Election, Brazil, Metropolis, Ulee's Gold, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Contact are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Deliverance
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, rape, national film registry, Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, John Boorman, banjo, Ned Beatty
3 I like Jean Negulesco movies more. Do you know anything else?	Phone Call from a Stranger

1 I really like Stardust, National Treasure, A Christmas Carol, The Matrix, Fantastic Four, Madagascar, and Ocean's Eleven. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Open Season 2
2 Who does that star?	Joel McHale, Mike Epps
3 I prefer Linda Kozlowski movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles

1 I really like Eastern Promises, Dear Frankie, Bad Santa, 25th Hour, Braveheart, The 40-Year-Old Virgin, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. I'm looking for a Val Kilmer movie.	Felon
2 What else is that about?	Prison, Val Kilmer, Stephen Dorff
3 I rate jim morrison movies. Any other suggestions?	The Doors

1 Sabrina, Leaving Las Vegas, The Godfather, Mr. Holland's Opus, Ransom, Grumpier Old Men, and Primal Fear are films I love. I'm looking for a courage movie.	Courage Under Fire
2 What else is that about?	courage, Edward Zwick

1 The Big Chill, Restoration, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sixth Sense, The English Patient, West Side Story, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a Vittorio De Sica movie.	The Garden of the Finzi-Continis
2 Who does that star?	Dominique Sanda, Lino Capolicchio
3 I like Enzo Staiola movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bicycle Thieves

1 End of Days, Rush Hour, The French Connection, Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, U.S. Marshals, The Patriot, and Running Scared are films I like. I'm looking for a superhero movie.	The Rocketeer
2 What else is that about?	superhero, comic book, Jennifer Connelly, Timothy Dalton, Joe Johnston
3 I rate Jamie Foxx movies. Any other suggestions?	The Amazing Spider-Man 2

1 I watched the films Disclosure, Beauty and the Beast, Crimson Tide, The Lion King, The Silence of the Lambs, Tombstone, and Jurassic Park and loved them. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Santa Clause
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, christmas, Tim Allen, Santa Claus, John Pasquin
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Aladdin

1 I liked The Sixth Sense, The Usual Suspects, The Verdict, The Shawshank Redemption, Gladiator, Braveheart, and October Sky. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Witness
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, murder, Harrison Ford, Peter Weir, amish
3 I like Crime movies more. Do you know anything else?	Monster

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Army of Darkness, Animal House, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Run Lola Run, Lethal Weapon, and The Nightmare Before Christmas are films I love. I'm looking for a Judd Apatow movie.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, r, dvd, Romantic Comedy, Steve Carell, sex, Judd Apatow
3 I rate Paul Rudd movies. Any other suggestions?	Knocked Up

1 I love Gladiator, The Thing, Serenity, Inception, Apocalypse Now, The Matrix, and Blade Runner. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I like mythology movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pan's Labyrinth

1 12 Angry Men, To Kill a Mockingbird, In the Name of the Father, Live and Let Die, Three Days of the Condor, Cocoon, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I like. I'm looking for a classic movie.	The War of the Worlds
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, classic, technicolor, Byron Haskin
3 I rate John Landis movies. Any other suggestions?	An American Werewolf in London

1 I really liked The Jungle Book, Miracle on 34th Street, North by Northwest, From Russia with Love, Nobody's Fool, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, and The Haunting. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	The Celluloid Closet
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Epstein, Jeffrey Friedman
3 I prefer Eugene Jarecki movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Trials of Henry Kissinger

1 A.I. Artificial Intelligence, Apocalypse Now, Amour, Outbreak, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Winter Light, and It Happened One Night are films I like. I'm looking for a criterion movie.	Playtime
2 Who is that directed by?	Jacques Tati
3 I prefer Peter Yates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Friends of Eddie Coyle

1 I loved E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, The One, Stargate, Trainspotting, Mortal Kombat, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Taxi. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Lethal Weapon 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Donner
3 I rate Roger Spottiswoode movies. Any other suggestions?	Air America

1 Runaway Bride, Paulie, Men in Black, Junior, The Player, Sleepless in Seattle, and As Good as It Gets are films I really like. I'm looking for an olympics movie.	Cool Runnings
2 What else is that about?	sports, olympics, John Candy, jamaica, Jon Turteltaub, bobsled
3 I rate usa movies. Any other suggestions?	Miracle

1 The Matrix, Toy Story 2, Manhattan, Frankenstein, Deliverance, The Graduate, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Kelly's Heroes
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Clint Eastwood, Donald Sutherland, Telly Savalas
3 I prefer kurt vonnegut movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mother Night

1 Ratatouille, Gladiator, Schindler's List, A Beautiful Mind, Good Will Hunting, Awakenings, and Forrest Gump are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Power of One
2 What else is that about?	John G. Avildsen
3 I rate Ron Howard movies. Any other suggestions?	A Beautiful Mind

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Goodfellas, Babel, Gandhi, Letters from Iwo Jima, Bridge to Terabithia, and To Kill a Mockingbird are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Mel Gibson, south africa, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I rate clancy movies. Any other suggestions?	Clear and Present Danger

1 The Graduate, Somewhere in Time, As Good as It Gets, Driving Miss Daisy, The Silence of the Lambs, Gone with the Wind, and Sleepless in Seattle are movies I love. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	Cool Hand Luke
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I rate Orson Welles movies. Any other suggestions?	The Magnificent Ambersons

1 The Rock, The Nutty Professor, The Godfather, and Heat are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Sport movie.	Kingpin
2 Who does that star?	Woody Harrelson, Bill Murray, Randy Quaid, Vanessa Angel
3 I rate Mickey Rourke movies. Any other suggestions?	The Wrestler

1 I loved American Beauty, Memento, Midnight Express, Lucky Number Slevin, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Die Hard 2, and 300. I'm looking for a Ridley Scott movie.	Black Hawk Down
2 What else is that about?	War, military, Ewan McGregor, Ridley Scott, Eric Bana, Josh Hartnett
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Matchstick Men

1 Men in Black, Traffic, The Fugitive, The Hudsucker Proxy, High Fidelity, Frequency, and Rudy are movies I love. I'm looking for a serial killer movie.	American Psycho
2 What else is that about?	disturbing, violence, black comedy, serial killer, psychological, Christian Bale, business, Willem Dafoe, Reese Witherspoon, book, Jared Leto, 2, patrick bateman, Bret Easton Ellis
3 I prefer Edward Norton movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Dragon

1 I watched the films Goodbye, Mr. Chips, Gallipoli, Up, Labyrinth, Braveheart, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Rebecca and loved them. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Black Orpheus
2 Who does that star?	Breno Mello, Marcel Camus, Marpessa Dawn

1 I loved Airplane!, Election, The Elephant Man, Punch-Drunk Love, Ghostbusters, The Player, and Sense and Sensibility. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Husbands and Wives
2 Who does that star?	Woody Allen, Mia Farrow, Sydney Pollack
3 I rate Scarlett Johansson movies. Any other suggestions?	Vicky Cristina Barcelona

1 I loved Pale Rider, A Bridge Too Far, Patton, Airplane!, Black Hawk Down, Garden State, and Memento. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hot Shots! Part Deux
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, parody, sequel, Charlie Sheen, Jim Abrahams
3 I like video game movies more. Do you know anything else?	Street Fighter

1 Blade, Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid, Contact, Labyrinth, Brazil, The Matrix, and The Full Monty are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Return to Oz
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, oz, dorothy
3 I like Gerard Butler movies more. Do you know anything else?	How to Train Your Dragon

1 I watched the films The Straight Story, Pulp Fiction, and A Streetcar Named Desire and loved them. I'm looking for a Love movie.	Breaking the Waves
2 What else is that about?	Love, Lars von Trier, Emily Watson
3 I like Paris movies more. Do you know anything else?	Paris, je t'aime

1 I watched the films Back to the Future, Back to the Future Part II, Tomorrow Never Dies, Can't Hardly Wait, Grease, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and GoldenEye and loved them. I'm looking for a Piper Perabo movie.	Lost and Delirious
2 Who is that directed by?	Léa Pool
3 I rate Bruce Hunt movies. Any other suggestions?	The Cave

1 Billy Elliot, The Grifters, Almost Famous, Being John Malkovich, American Beauty, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Best in Show are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nurse Betty
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Greg Kinnear, Chris Rock, Neil LaBute
3 I like christmas movies more. Do you know anything else?	Santa with Muscles

1 Magnum Force, Desperado, Edward Scissorhands, Requiem for a Dream, Toy Story 2, Miller's Crossing, and Boogie Nights are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio movie.	The Abyss
2 What else is that about?	Submarine, ocean, James Cameron, Ed Harris, Michael Biehn, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
3 I like John C. Reilly movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Perfect Storm

1 I really liked The Sixth Sense, Much Ado About Nothing, Dances with Wolves, Blade Runner, Full Metal Jacket, The Last of the Mohicans, and Toy Story. I'm looking for a John Lasseter movie.	A Bug's Life
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, pixar, disney, story, Kevin Spacey, animated, computer animation, avi, Circus, pixar animation, bugs, John Lasseter, Dave Foley
3 I rate light movies. Any other suggestions?	Toy Story

1 I loved The Usual Suspects, Taxi Driver, Memento, Ghosts of Mississippi, Glory, Empire of the Sun, and Annie Hall. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Poltergeist
2 What else is that about?	Horror, ghosts, supernatural, spielberg, Tobe Hooper
3 I rate Monster movies. Any other suggestions?	The Mist

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Courage Under Fire, Little Women, The Nutty Professor, Beauty and the Beast, North by Northwest, and Clerks are films I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Sabrina
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer Nora Ephron movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	You've Got Mail

1 I really liked There's Something About Mary, Mallrats, Happy Gilmore, Clerks, Alice in Wonderland, L.A. Confidential, and Grosse Pointe Blank. I'm looking for a Frank Coraci movie.	The Wedding Singer
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, 1980s, Adam Sandler, Romantic Comedy, Drew Barrymore, Frank Coraci
3 I prefer Kathy Bates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Waterboy

1 Body Heat, Pearl Harbor, Schindler's List, The Patriot, Shakespeare in Love, Dances with Wolves, and U-571 are movies I like. I'm looking for a Billy Zane movie.	Dead Calm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Nicole Kidman, Sam Neill, Phillip Noyce, Billy Zane
3 I prefer Simon Wincer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Phantom

1 I really like Pulp Fiction, Ray, Fight Club, The Tao of Steve, A Few Good Men, Blow, and Zoolander. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	The Hurricane
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, John Ford
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Summer Holiday

1 What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Strange Days, Dead Man Walking, Clueless, The Usual Suspects, Beauty and the Beast, and The Birdcage are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Nell
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Jodie Foster, Natasha Richardson
3 I prefer usa movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Schindler's List

1 There's Something About Mary, Patriot Games, High Fidelity, Platoon, Fargo, Schindler's List, and Pulp Fiction are films I really like. I'm looking for a George Roy Hill movie.	The World According to Garp
2 Who is that directed by?	George Roy Hill

1 The Sixth Sense, The Ten Commandments, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Fifth Element, Planet of the Apes, Babe, and I, Robot are films I loved. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Pope of Greenwich Village
2 Who is that directed by?	Stuart Rosenberg
3 I prefer Paul Michael Glaser movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Band of the Hand

1 I watched the films The Others, Equilibrium, Akira, The Truman Show, The Machinist, The Departed, and The Bourne Ultimatum and loved them. I'm looking for a cinematography movie.	Children of Men
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, War, r, science fiction, Michael Caine, Clive Owen, Julianne Moore, infertility, Chiwetel Ejiofor, refugee, Charlie Hunnam, Alfonso Cuarón
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Citizen Kane

1 On the Waterfront, The Shop Around the Corner, The Apartment, Young Frankenstein, The Philadelphia Story, Network, and Top Hat are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Penny Serenade
2 Who is that directed by?	George Stevens
3 I prefer Luis Buñuel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Diary of a Chambermaid

1 Primal Fear, Independence Day, Phenomenon, A Time to Kill, and Twister are films I loved. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 Who is that directed by?	Henry Selick
3 I prefer Joe Pytka movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Space Jam

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, The Silence of the Lambs, The Usual Suspects, Aliens, 12 Angry Men, La Femme Nikita, and Die Hard. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Negotiator
2 Who is that directed by?	F. Gary Gray
3 I rate Adam Wingard movies. Any other suggestions?	The Guest

1 The Apartment, Glengarry Glen Ross, Happiness, The Wizard of Oz, The Sting, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and On the Waterfront are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Tommy Lee Jones movie.	Blue Sky
2 What else is that about?	Tommy Lee Jones, Tony Richardson
3 I like Steven Seagal movies more. Do you know anything else?	Under Siege

1 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, An American Werewolf in London, Seven Samurai, The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Ran, and Rumble in the Bronx are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Annette Bening movie.	Mars Attacks!
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Burton
3 I like Lisa Cholodenko movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Kids Are All Right

1 I love The Game, Glengarry Glen Ross, Good Will Hunting, Kramer vs. Kramer, Magnolia, Charade, and Young Frankenstein. I'm looking for a jazz movie.	Mo' Better Blues
2 What else is that about?	Music, jazz
3 I rate musicians movies. Any other suggestions?	Calle 54

1 Midnight Run, Good Morning, Vietnam, Central Station, Brazil, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Deer Hunter, and Fantasia are films I liked. I'm looking for a Good movie.	Smoke Signals
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Eyre
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 Apocalypse Now, Annie Hall, North by Northwest, The Departed, The Hurt Locker, Blade Runner, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a 70mm movie.	Vertigo
2 What else is that about?	classic, 70mm, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, San Francisco, California, bernard herrmann
3 I rate Michael Anderson movies. Any other suggestions?	Logan's Run

1 Sleepless in Seattle, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Being There, The Blues Brothers, To Kill a Mockingbird, Gandhi, and Men of Honor are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mike Newell movie.	Enchanted April
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Newell

1 A Grand Day Out, Blast from the Past, Sabrina, Airheads, The Wrong Trousers, Office Space, and Sabrina are movies I like. I'm looking for a Fran Drescher movie.	The Beautician and the Beast
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Ken Kwapis, Fran Drescher
3 I like television movies more. Do you know anything else?	UHF

1 Rumble in the Bronx, True Romance, Hoop Dreams, The City of Lost Children, The Piano, The Silence of the Lambs, and Burnt by the Sun are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Naked
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Leigh
3 I rate Richard Brooks movies. Any other suggestions?	Cat on a Hot Tin Roof

1 Crimes and Misdemeanors, Burnt by the Sun, The Hurricane, Life Is Beautiful, The Straight Story, Fargo, and Metropolis are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sweet and Lowdown
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, Uma Thurman, jazz
3 I like football movies more. Do you know anything else?	North Dallas Forty

1 I really liked The First Wives Club, Chicago, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Joy Luck Club, American Pie 2, The Da Vinci Code, and The Fifth Element. I'm looking for an Owen Wilson movie.	Night at the Museum
2 Who is that directed by?	Shawn Levy
3 I prefer David Dobkin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wedding Crashers

1 Apollo 13, The Fugitive, The Mask, and Babe are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Robert Redford movie.	Quiz Show
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, John Turturro, Paul Scofield, Rob Morrow
3 I rate Robert Redford movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Castle

1 I really liked Fargo, A Close Shave, Local Hero, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I prefer Fred Astaire movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Royal Wedding

1 I love Mean Girls, Sherlock Holmes, The Legend of Zorro, Sucker Punch, The Mummy, 10 Things I Hate About You, and Let the Right One In. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Woman in Black
2 Who is that directed by?	Herbert Wise
3 I rate Richard Clabaugh movies. Any other suggestions?	Python

1 The Remains of the Day, Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Heat, Short Cuts, In the Name of the Father, and Fargo are movies I loved. I'm looking for a fairy tale movie.	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2 What else is that about?	classic, Music, disney, fairy tale, national film registry, animated, fairy-tale
3 I like Angelina Jolie movies more. Do you know anything else?	Maleficent

1 Annie Hall, Bonnie and Clyde, MASH, The Usual Suspects, Batman, Take the Money and Run, and A Fistful of Dollars are films I love. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Psycho
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, serial killer, murder, remake, Hitchcock, Gus Van Sant
3 I prefer 2014 movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone Girl

1 I love The Untouchables, Enemy at the Gates, Wonder Boys, Hannibal, The Rock, Finding Forrester, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a sports movie.	The Longest Yard
2 Who does that star?	Burt Reynolds
3 I prefer Woody Harrelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kingpin

1 Forever Young, The Rainmaker, Con Air, Rising Sun, The Next Karate Kid, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and The Game are films I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Stepmom
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Columbus
3 I like Howard Zieff movies more. Do you know anything else?	Hearts of the West

1 I watched the films Highlander, The Last Temptation of Christ, The Rescuers, A Christmas Story, When Harry Met Sally..., The Goonies, and A Midsummer Night's Dream and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ruthless People
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Danny DeVito, Bette Midler
3 I like Gene Wilder movies more. Do you know anything else?	Stir Crazy

1 I liked Dial M for Murder, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, MASH, Schindler's List, Fargo, 12 Angry Men, and In the Heat of the Night. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Odd Couple
2 Who does that star?	Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau
3 I prefer Christina Applegate movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	View from the Top

1 Forrest Gump, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, The Silence of the Lambs, The Rock, Pinocchio, The Lion King, and Dances with Wolves are movies I loved. I'm looking for a script movie.	Independence Day
2 Who does that star?	Will Smith, Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, Mary McDonnell
3 I like Noomi Rapace movies more. Do you know anything else?	Prometheus

1 Good Will Hunting, The Shining, Heathers, The Sixth Sense, Gone Baby Gone, Toy Story, and The Godfather are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Meryl Streep movie.	Into the Woods
2 Who is that directed by?	Rob Marshall
3 I rate Greg MacGillivray movies. Any other suggestions?	To the Arctic 3D

1 The City of Lost Children, Braveheart, Natural Born Killers, The Piano, Heavenly Creatures, The Rock, and Schindler's List are movies I like. I'm looking for a Lara Flynn Boyle movie.	Threesome
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Baldwin, Lara Flynn Boyle, Josh Charles
3 I like Rip Torn movies more. Do you know anything else?	Men in Black II

1 I love Independence Day, Jurassic Park, Tombstone, Down Periscope, True Lies, Phenomenon, and Apollo 13. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Escape from L.A.
2 Who is that directed by?	John Carpenter
3 I rate Christopher Crowe movies. Any other suggestions?	Off Limits

1 The Silence of the Lambs, The City of Lost Children, Inglourious Basterds, Election, Aliens, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and The Birdcage are films I really liked. I'm looking for a script movie.	Prometheus
2 What else is that about?	space, predictable, franchise, r, acting, science, Ridley Scott, script, technology, Charlize Theron, Michael Fassbender, prequel, Noomi Rapace, unresolved, Idris Elba, sets, ideas
3 I prefer Mary McDonnell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Independence Day

1 Amélie, Being John Malkovich, American Beauty, Glory, Much Ado About Nothing, Annie Hall, and High Fidelity are films I really like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Mystic River
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Mystery, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, Kevin Bacon, Tim Robbins, Laurence Fishburne, Laura Linney, Marcia Gay Harden
3 I rate Rod Steiger movies. Any other suggestions?	In the Heat of the Night

1 I like Schindler's List, The Godfather, Casablanca, On the Waterfront, Manhattan, When Harry Met Sally..., and Breaking the Waves. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	It's a Wonderful Life
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Drama, inspirational, Family, christmas, story, long, James Stewart, money, favorite, Frank Capra, Angel
3 I prefer Jodie Foster movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Hotel New Hampshire

1 His Girl Friday, Jurassic Park, The Princess Bride, Harvey, The Thing, The Producers, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Time Machine
2 Who does that star?	Rod Taylor, Alan Young, Yvette Mimieux
3 I like Christopher Walken movies more. Do you know anything else?	Batman Returns

1 I liked Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Requiem for a Dream, Lolita, The Game, The Shawshank Redemption, Rosemary's Baby, and Taxi Driver. I'm looking for a Federico Fellini movie.	8½
2 What else is that about?	Federico Fellini, nino rota, fellini
3 I rate italy movies. Any other suggestions?	Amarcord

1 Goodfellas, American History X, Scarface, Braveheart, The Godfather, Dazed and Confused, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are movies I like. I'm looking for a Morgan Spurlock movie.	Super Size Me
2 What else is that about?	Documentary, own, food, lies, obesity, Morgan Spurlock, Fast Food, health

1 I really liked A Close Shave, Trainspotting, Richard III, Emma, Independence Day, The Craft, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	James and the Giant Peach
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Animation, Musical, Tim Burton, Roald Dahl, Henry Selick
3 I prefer cat movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Cat Came Back

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Full Metal Jacket, The Green Mile, Payback, Night of the Living Dead, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and A Bug's Life are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Kenneth Branagh movie.	Wild Wild West
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Will Smith, steampunk, Salma Hayek, Kenneth Branagh, Kevin Kline, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like 3d movies more. Do you know anything else?	Thor

1 Being John Malkovich, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Sense and Sensibility, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, and The Full Monty are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Finding Nemo
2 Who does that star?	Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould
3 I prefer Christopher Plummer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	My Dog Tulip

1 Men in Black, Platoon, Miller's Crossing, Lethal Weapon, The Princess Bride, The Longest Day, and Ben-Hur are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Escape from New York
2 What else is that about?	Action, new york city, future, Prison, New York, Kurt Russell, John Carpenter, snake plissken, snake
3 I like Rachel Weisz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Definitely, Maybe

1 I watched the films The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Galaxy Quest, Minority Report, Being John Malkovich, The Incredibles, Mystic River, and The Green Mile and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shaolin Soccer
2 Who does that star?	Stephen Chow
3 I prefer Milla Jovovich movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kuffs

1 Three Kings, Fight Club, Boiler Room, Scarface, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Can't Hardly Wait, and Rush Hour are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Joel Gallen movie.	Not Another Teen Movie
2 What else is that about?	parody, Joel Gallen

1 Heat, Fargo, and Sense and Sensibility are movies I love. I'm looking for a Nicolas Cage movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 What else is that about?	Drama, suicide, Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I prefer Amber Heard movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Drive Angry

1 Moulin Rouge!, Memento, Sophie's Choice, Sleepless in Seattle, Toy Story, Cinderella, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Biography movie.	Mommie Dearest
2 Who does that star?	Faye Dunaway
3 I like Susan Walters movies more. Do you know anything else?	Elvis and Me

1 Henry V, American Beauty, The Philadelphia Story, Freeway, Fight Club, The English Patient, and Meet Me in St. Louis are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Grace Kelly movie.	To Catch a Thief
2 What else is that about?	Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, Cary Grant, Grace Kelly, cat burglar
3 I rate vistavision movies. Any other suggestions?	High Society

1 I liked Bambi, A Raisin in the Sun, M, The Wild Bunch, The Quiet Man, Shane, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, politics, national film registry, political, James Stewart, Frank Capra, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Doctor and the Devils

1 Forrest Gump and Alien are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Toy Story
2 Who is that directed by?	John Lasseter
3 I prefer Ted Berman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Black Cauldron

1 Casino, Fargo, L.A. Confidential, The Fugitive, The Princess Bride, The Shining, and The Usual Suspects are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I like Tony Scott movies more. Do you know anything else?	Beverly Hills Cop II

1 The City of Lost Children, Akira, In the Mood for Love, Battle Royale, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Seven Samurai, and High Fidelity are movies I like. I'm looking for a Bradley Cooper movie.	Silver Linings Playbook
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Robert De Niro, dance, Romantic Comedy, Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper, Julia Stiles, Chris Tucker, David O. Russell, Oscar
3 I prefer Amy Adams movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	American Hustle

1 Once Were Warriors, Watchmen, Pulp Fiction, District 9, Cloud Atlas, Reservoir Dogs, and There Will Be Blood are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Up!
2 Who is that directed by?	Russ Meyer
3 I like Mario Monicelli movies more. Do you know anything else?	Lady Liberty

1 I really liked The Shawshank Redemption, Dances with Wolves, Apollo 13, Forrest Gump, and Crimson Tide. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Pretty Woman
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, romantic, prostitution, Romantic Comedy, Julia Roberts, hollywood, Richard Gere, Garry Marshall, Jason Alexander
3 I rate Don Cheadle movies. Any other suggestions?	The Guard

1 Nine Months, Ghost, The Lion King, Threesome, Broken Arrow, Dangerous Minds, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Higher Learning
2 Who does that star?	Omar Epps, Michael Rapaport, Kristy Swanson
3 I like Josh Duhamel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Life as We Know It

1 I really like Old Yeller, Young Frankenstein, Alien, M, Diner, Annie Hall, and Brazil. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	It Happened One Night
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, national film registry, Romantic Comedy, screwball comedy, Frank Capra, screwball, best picture, Clark Gable, bus, Claudette Colbert
3 I rate Sylvester Stallone movies. Any other suggestions?	Oscar

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Silence of the Lambs, Goodfellas, Say Anything..., Diner, Raising Arizona, and Traffic are movies I loved. I'm looking for a los angeles movie.	Blade Runner
2 Who does that star?	Harrison Ford, Sean Young, Rutger Hauer, Edward James Olmos
3 I prefer Jamie Foxx movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Collateral

1 Cool Hand Luke, The Sting, Diner, High Plains Drifter, Heaven Can Wait, Reservoir Dogs, and Braveheart are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	From Russia with Love
2 What else is that about?	james bond, Sean Connery, bond, Terence Young
3 I like Western movies more. Do you know anything else?	Outland

1 I love Lawrence of Arabia, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Natural Born Killers, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Othello, The Crying Game, and Richard III. I'm looking for an Ingrid Bergman movie.	For Whom the Bell Tolls
2 What else is that about?	Ingrid Bergman, Sam Wood, Ernest Hemingway
3 I rate Hitchcock movies. Any other suggestions?	Notorious

1 Sense and Sensibility, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Inglourious Basterds, Les Misérables, The Dark Knight, and Toy Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	10 Things I Hate About You
2 Who is that directed by?	Gil Junger
3 I like Michael Bay movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pearl Harbor

1 Predator, Children of Men, Heat, RoboCop, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Forrest Gump, and Spirited Away are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a british movie.	A Grand Day Out
2 Who is that directed by?	Nick Park
3 I prefer Peter Cattaneo movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Full Monty

1 I loved My Cousin Vinny, Pulp Fiction, Fargo, Reservoir Dogs, 12 Angry Men, Eat Drink Man Woman, and Casablanca. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt, James L. Brooks, nicholson
3 I like Steve Carell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Horton Hears a Who!

1 I liked Aliens, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Shawshank Redemption, Amélie, The Deer Hunter, Scarface, and The Big Lebowski. I'm looking for a colombia movie.	Maria Full of Grace
2 Who does that star?	Catalina Sandino Moreno

1 Young Frankenstein, The Sixth Sense, The Hustler, The Name of the Rose, Carrie, Dirty Dancing, and Apocalypse Now are films I like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Oscar and Lucinda
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, Cate Blanchett, Tom Wilkinson, Ciarán Hinds
3 I rate Kay Francis movies. Any other suggestions?	The House on 56th Street

1 Chocolat, The Big Chill, The Jungle Book, Strictly Ballroom, Of Mice and Men, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Richard III are movies I like. I'm looking for a Jane Fonda movie.	They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
2 Who is that directed by?	Sydney Pollack
3 I prefer Roger Vadim movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barbarella

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, A Clockwork Orange, Lawrence of Arabia, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, The Maltese Falcon, Alien, and The Killing Fields are films I really like. I'm looking for a Liam Neeson movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I rate Adventure movies. Any other suggestions?	Wrath of the Titans

1 Saving Private Ryan, Mr. Holland's Opus, Cinderella, Forrest Gump, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Pretty Woman, and With Honors are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Under the Tuscan Sun
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Divorce, Diane Lane, tuscany
3 I rate Bill Cosby movies. Any other suggestions?	Ghost Dad

1 Life Is Beautiful, Amélie, Shrek 2, Trainspotting, Groundhog Day, Shrek, and Casablanca are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Susanne Bier movie.	After the Wedding
2 Who does that star?	Mads Mikkelsen
3 I like Mikael Persbrandt movies more. Do you know anything else?	In a Better World

1 Magnolia, Before Sunrise, The Others, Bowling for Columbine, The Princess Bride, Amélie, and Forrest Gump are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a murder movie.	Rear Window
2 Who is that directed by?	Alfred Hitchcock
3 I like Robert Luketic movies more. Do you know anything else?	Legally Blonde

1 Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Birdcage, Powder, The Silence of the Lambs, While You Were Sleeping, Phenomenon, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Santa Clause
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, christmas, Tim Allen, Santa Claus, John Pasquin
3 I rate Russian movies. Any other suggestions?	Sadko

1 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, The Silence of the Lambs, and Star Trek are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Chris Pine movie.	Star Trek Into Darkness
2 What else is that about?	Action, franchise, science fiction, Star Trek, Simon Pegg, Leonard Nimoy, Benedict Cumberbatch, Anton Yelchin, John Cho, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Alice Eve, Zoe Saldana
3 I rate spy movies. Any other suggestions?	This Means War

1 The Battle of Algiers, Ran, M, Bicycle Thieves, The Passion of Joan of Arc, Touch of Evil, and Ikiru are films I love. I'm looking for an Anna Karina movie.	Pierrot le Fou
2 Who does that star?	Anna Karina

1 Dead Poets Society, Dances with Wolves, Hoop Dreams, Brazil, Primal Fear, The Blues Brothers, and As Good as It Gets are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Jaws
2 Who does that star?	Richard Dreyfuss, Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Lorraine Gary
3 I prefer Elijah Wood movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Open Windows

1 The Pallbearer, Sense and Sensibility, Jane Eyre, The Godfather, Das Boot, The Ghost and the Darkness, and Welcome to the Dollhouse are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dan Aykroyd movie.	Celtic Pride
2 What else is that about?	Dan Aykroyd, Daniel Stern, Damon Wayans
3 I rate Anna Chlumsky movies. Any other suggestions?	My Girl 2

1 I liked Back to the Future Part II, The Butterfly Effect, Spider-Man, Million Dollar Baby, The Bourne Identity, Monsters, Inc., and The Pursuit of Happyness. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Tangled
2 Who does that star?	Mandy Moore, Zachary Levi, Donna Murphy
3 I prefer Gary Oldman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Kung Fu Panda 2

1 Braveheart, The Sound of Music, Trainspotting, Life Is Beautiful, Moulin Rouge!, Batman Begins, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are films I liked. I'm looking for a John G. Avildsen movie.	The Power of One
2 What else is that about?	John G. Avildsen
3 I prefer na movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lean on Me

1 Beauty and the Beast, Apollo 13, Pulp Fiction, Babe, Dances with Wolves, and The Shawshank Redemption are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Andrew Davis movie.	The Fugitive
2 What else is that about?	Action, murder, Harrison Ford, Tommy Lee Jones, fugitive, Andrew Davis
3 I rate Steven Seagal movies. Any other suggestions?	Under Siege

1 I love Delicatessen, Spirited Away, The Elephant Man, The Last Temptation of Christ, The Ring, Amélie, and Sleeping Beauty. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Labyrinth
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Henson
3 I like Chris Noonan movies more. Do you know anything else?	Babe

1 Santa Sangre, The Abyss, El Norte, Requiem for a Dream, The Red Violin, Delicatessen, and Fantastic Planet are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Man Bites Dog
2 Who does that star?	Benoît Poelvoorde
3 I prefer Catherine Deneuve movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hustle

1 Magnolia, Chasing Amy, Dial M for Murder, Harvey, Boys Don't Cry, American Beauty, and Arsenic and Old Lace are films I like. I'm looking for a murder movie.	The Young Poisoner's Handbook
2 What else is that about?	murder
3 I prefer Spike Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Summer of Sam

1 Clueless, The Maltese Falcon, The Mask of Zorro, Arsenic and Old Lace, Basic Instinct, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Hope Floats are films I really like. I'm looking for a Clint Eastwood movie.	Coogan's Bluff
2 Who is that directed by?	Don Siegel
3 I like Buddy Van Horn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Dead Pool

1 The Wizard of Oz, Mary Poppins, As Good as It Gets, West Side Story, Fly Away Home, Some Like It Hot, and Pushing Tin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Rachael Leigh Cook movie.	She's All That
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, teen, Romantic Comedy, 1990s, Rachael Leigh Cook, Robert Iscove
3 I prefer baseball movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Final Season

1 Goodfellas, The Matrix, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Natural Born Killers, Taxi Driver, Sleepy Hollow, and Chinatown are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a classic movie.	Payback
2 What else is that about?	classic, r, Mel Gibson, Brian Helgeland
3 I prefer children movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Pinocchio

1 Much Ado About Nothing, The Last of the Mohicans, Rob Roy, Shakespeare in Love, and There's Something About Mary are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Brendan Fraser movie.	George of the Jungle
2 What else is that about?	Brendan Fraser
3 I rate Helen Mirren movies. Any other suggestions?	Inkheart

1 The Piano, Gladiator, Mulholland Drive, Predator, The Sixth Sense, The Goonies, and Groundhog Day are movies I love. I'm looking for a death movie.	Grizzly Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Werner Herzog
3 I rate Tim Burton movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Fish

1 The Boondock Saints and The Godfather are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Little Mermaid
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, disney, own, animated, disney animated feature, Mermaid, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, John Musker
3 I like Bob Balaban movies more. Do you know anything else?	My Boyfriend's Back

1 I love Stand by Me, The Ref, What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, Born Yesterday, Trading Places, American Beauty, and The American President. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The General's Daughter
2 Who does that star?	John Travolta
3 I rate Drew Barrymore movies. Any other suggestions?	Scream

1 I love Klute, The Hudsucker Proxy, Apocalypse Now, The Wizard of Oz, Cape Fear, The Terminator, and Das Boot. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Stepford Wives
2 Who is that directed by?	Bryan Forbes
3 I like David Zucker movies more. Do you know anything else?	Scary Movie 3

1 Aladdin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Johnny Mnemonic, The Birdcage, Dolores Claiborne, Apollo 13, and Waterworld are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	The Net
2 Who does that star?	Sandra Bullock, Jeremy Northam, Dennis Miller
3 I rate Mary Steenburgen movies. Any other suggestions?	The Proposal

1 I really liked Tombstone, Twister, Braveheart, Nell, Mrs. Doubtfire, Legends of the Fall, and Mr. Holland's Opus. I'm looking for a Ralph Fiennes movie.	Schindler's List
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, black and white, historical, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, holocaust, Epic, spielberg, Liam Neeson, usa, Ralph Fiennes, Ben Kingsley, want, book, jews, jewish, best picture, poland, great
3 I like historical references movies more. Do you know anything else?	Land of the Blind

1 Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, The Sweet Hereafter, Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Contact, Patton, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are films I loved. I'm looking for a Sean Penn movie.	Taps
2 What else is that about?	Sean Penn, George C. Scott
3 I rate Love movies. Any other suggestions?	The Tree of Life

1 I love True Romance, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Gattaca, The Silence of the Lambs, Office Space, Monsters, Inc., and Memento. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Another Earth
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Cahill
3 I like Edward Dmytryk movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Caine Mutiny

1 Sleeper, Midnight Cowboy, Halloween, Alien, Once Upon a Time in the West, A Nightmare on Elm Street, and Barton Fink are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Bloody Mama
2 Who does that star?	Shelley Winters
3 I rate Chazz Palminteri movies. Any other suggestions?	Poolhall Junkies

1 Babe, Schindler's List, Circle of Friends, The Remains of the Day, Much Ado About Nothing, Nell, and Get Shorty are movies I love. I'm looking for a lesbian movie.	Antonia's Line
2 What else is that about?	lesbian
3 I rate Chicago movies. Any other suggestions?	Go Fish

1 Die Hard, The Boondock Saints, Equilibrium, Donnie Brasco, Halloween, Crash, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are films I like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cube
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, psychological, Escape, Maze, Vincenzo Natali, traps, Cube
3 I like Christopher Lambert movies more. Do you know anything else?	Absolon

1 I liked Reservoir Dogs, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Fly, Highlander, Let the Right One In, and Avatar. I'm looking for a Mark Ruffalo movie.	Blindness
2 What else is that about?	r, Blindness, Julianne Moore, Mark Ruffalo, Epidemic, Fernando Meirelles
3 I prefer Jennifer Garner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	13 Going on 30

1 I liked Dracula, A Bronx Tale, Raising Arizona, The Untouchables, Clerks, A Christmas Story, and Frankenstein. I'm looking for an ominous movie.	Jaws
2 What else is that about?	classic, soundtrack, Steven Spielberg, national film registry, spielberg, ominous, ocean, shark, Richard Dreyfuss, Robert Shaw, Roy Scheider

1 Sneakers, It's a Wonderful Life, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Clear and Present Danger, All About Eve, The Wizard of Oz, and To Catch a Thief are films I love. I'm looking for a Hitchcock movie.	Dial M for Murder
2 Who does that star?	Grace Kelly, Ray Milland, Robert Cummings
3 I prefer Judith Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Rebecca

1 Event Horizon, Fight Club, The Prestige, Spirited Away, Office Space, Spaceballs, and Downfall are films I really like. I'm looking for a Peter Falk movie.	The Princess Bride
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Romance, Fantasy, original, fairy tale, Fun, cult, Princess, Rob Reiner, Peter Falk, bride, William Goldman
3 I prefer John Cassavetes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Husbands

1 I love Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Matrix, American Beauty, The Princess Bride, The Dark Knight, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Family movie.	The Dark Crystal
2 Who is that directed by?	Frank Oz, Jim Henson
3 I prefer Mark Waters movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Mr. Popper's Penguins

1 I watched the films Seven Samurai, House of Games, Midnight Cowboy, Alien, Klute, The French Connection, and Psycho and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Purple Rose of Cairo
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Woody Allen
3 I prefer Paul Thomas Anderson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Punch-Drunk Love

1 Go, Hoosiers, Pulp Fiction, Young Frankenstein, The Buddy Holly Story, Awakenings, and Glengarry Glen Ross are movies I love. I'm looking for a Jennifer Aniston movie.	She's the One
2 What else is that about?	Jennifer Aniston
3 I rate gay movies. Any other suggestions?	The Object of My Affection

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, The Lion King, The Remains of the Day, Philadelphia, Braveheart, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Ghost in the Shell
2 What else is that about?	Music, anime, japan, philosophical, complex, 2, Ghost, based on manga, Mamoru Oshii
3 I prefer Cuba movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Buena Vista Social Club

1 I really liked The Fugitive, Groundhog Day, Toy Story 2, The Hunt for Red October, The Shawshank Redemption, Die Hard, and Braveheart. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Superman
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, superhero, comic book, franchise, super-hero, Gene Hackman, superheroes, Marlon Brando, dc comics, comics, Superman, comic books, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Donner, Ned Beatty, Glenn Ford
3 I rate Jackie Chan movies. Any other suggestions?	Who Am I?

1 Dances with Wolves, The Mask, Mrs. Doubtfire, Quiz Show, The Client, Forrest Gump, and Home Alone are movies I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	First Knight
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Sean Connery, Richard Gere, King Arthur, arthurian legend, Julia Ormond
3 I rate Juan José Campanella movies. Any other suggestions?	The Secret in Their Eyes

1 I like The Return of the Pink Panther, The Usual Suspects, Kung Fu Panda, Rocky, Revenge of the Pink Panther, Melvin Goes to Dinner, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Lars and the Real Girl
2 What else is that about?	quirky, small town, Ryan Gosling, sweet, Emily Mortimer, community, Kelli Garner
3 I like René Clair movies more. Do you know anything else?	Under the Roofs of Paris

1 The Insider, Casablanca, High Plains Drifter, Garden State, Thank You for Smoking, Paths of Glory, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	The Night of the Hunter
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, serial killer, national film registry, Charles Laughton, Robert Mitchum, Shelley Winters, west virginia
3 I like bernard herrmann movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Magnificent Ambersons

1 I love Groundhog Day, Fargo, My Left Foot, Being John Malkovich, Moulin Rouge!, X-Men, and Full Metal Jacket. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Nurse Betty
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, Greg Kinnear, Chris Rock, Neil LaBute
3 I prefer Family movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beethoven

1 I love The Graduate, The Big Lebowski, American Beauty, Being John Malkovich, Fight Club, Dark City, and Ed Wood. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sleepers
2 What else is that about?	r, Barry Levinson
3 I prefer James Stewart movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Flight of the Phoenix

1 The Lion King, Forrest Gump, Independence Day, Schindler's List, Stargate, Aladdin, and Clear and Present Danger are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Moon movie.	Apollo 13
2 What else is that about?	Drama, space, Tom Hanks, historical, Kevin Bacon, Ed Harris, Moon, nasa, Ron Howard, astronauts, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise
3 I rate Animation movies. Any other suggestions?	Despicable Me

1 Shine, As Good as It Gets, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Apollo 13, The Great Escape, Jurassic Park, and Annie Hall are movies I love. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	Everyone Says I Love You
2 Who does that star?	Edward Norton, Drew Barrymore
3 I prefer John Travolta movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Grease

1 Toy Story 2, Aliens, Ghost in the Shell, Men in Black, Fantasia, The Little Mermaid, and The Lion King are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Animation movie.	Tarzan
2 What else is that about?	disney, disney animated feature, Lance Henriksen, Edgar Rice Burroughs, disney renaissance, Rosie O'Donnell, Chris Buck
3 I prefer fairy tale movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Tangled

1 Braveheart, Rocky, Three Kings, Henry V, Spider-Man 2, High Noon, and The Apartment are films I liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Witches of Eastwick
2 Who is that directed by?	George Miller
3 I prefer Renny Harlin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Legend of Hercules

1 I loved The Silence of the Lambs, Alien, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Akira, Dances with Wolves, The Crow, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Last Man Standing
2 What else is that about?	Action, remake, Bruce Willis, Akira Kurosawa, Christopher Walken, 1
3 I like Mark Strong movies more. Do you know anything else?	Body of Lies

1 Cyrano de Bergerac, The Blair Witch Project, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Seven Samurai, Raise the Red Lantern, and Touch of Evil are films I really liked. I'm looking for an e. m. forster movie.	Howards End
2 What else is that about?	Emma Thompson, James Ivory, e. m. forster
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Maurice

1 8½, Short Cuts, Love and Death, Do the Right Thing, Dead Man Walking, Annie Hall, and When Harry Met Sally... are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Manhattan
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, black and white, new york city, Love, national film registry, Woody Allen, New York, Meryl Streep, 3, Manhattan, Diane Keaton
3 I rate Mary Steenburgen movies. Any other suggestions?	Parenthood

1 Magnolia, Full Metal Jacket, Swingers, Goodfellas, The Abyss, Fight Club, and The Matrix are films I loved. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Pi
2 Who is that directed by?	Darren Aronofsky
3 I rate Jerzy Skolimowski movies. Any other suggestions?	Essential Killing

1 Batman Begins, Sherlock Holmes, The Matrix, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Braveheart, Taken, and The Butterfly Effect are films I like. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
2 Who is that directed by?	David Yates
3 I prefer Kirk Jones movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Nanny McPhee

1 I really like Young Frankenstein and Chicken Run. I'm looking for an Ewan McGregor movie.	Brassed Off
2 What else is that about?	british, Ewan McGregor, Mark Herman
3 I like Nicole Kidman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Moulin Rouge!

1 I really like The Crow, Unforgiven, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Raging Bull, Fight Club, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and The Terminator. I'm looking for a japan movie.	Sonatine
2 What else is that about?	japan, Takeshi Kitano
3 I rate Satoshi Kon movies. Any other suggestions?	Tokyo Godfathers

1 The Lion King, A Beautiful Mind, The Shawshank Redemption, Into the Wild, The Bourne Identity, Fight Club, and Good Will Hunting are movies I like. I'm looking for a Denzel Washington movie.	American Gangster
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott
3 I prefer Spike Lee movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Inside Man

1 Persuasion, You Can Count on Me, Freeway, Runaway Bride, Election, Toy Story 2, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial are films I love. I'm looking for a Richard Pearce movie.	The Long Walk Home
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Pearce

1 A Perfect Murder, Head Above Water, American Beauty, The Hunt, Inglourious Basterds, The Lives of Others, and Dolores Claiborne are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Amour
2 Who is that directed by?	Michael Haneke
3 I prefer Ralph Nelson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Charly

1 I loved Arsenic and Old Lace, The Graduate, Funny Face, Pretty Woman, The King and I, Miracle on 34th Street, and The Philadelphia Story. I'm looking for a Lindsay Lohan movie.	The Parent Trap
2 What else is that about?	disney, Divorce, Twins, Lindsay Lohan, Dennis Quaid, Nancy Meyers, Natasha Richardson
3 I like Jamie Lee Curtis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Freaky Friday

1 I love A Clockwork Orange, Requiem for a Dream, Saving Private Ryan, Platoon, Moulin Rouge!, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and It's a Wonderful Life. I'm looking for a Joaquin Phoenix movie.	Quills
2 What else is that about?	Michael Caine, writers, sex, Kate Winslet, Joaquin Phoenix, censorship, Asylum, Geoffrey Rush, Philip Kaufman, insane asylum, Marquis de Sade
3 I rate the fall of the berlin wall movies. Any other suggestions?	Buffalo Soldiers

1 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Trainspotting, The Game, The Matrix, Oldboy, Life Is Beautiful, and Titanic are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Big Blue
2 What else is that about?	Jean Reno, Luc Besson, Rosanna Arquette
3 I rate germany movies. Any other suggestions?	Swing Kids

1 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Waking Life, The Shawshank Redemption, The Departed, Memento, Princess Mononoke, and City of God are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Motorcycle Diaries
2 What else is that about?	Adventure, r, own, biopic, motorcycle, latin america, south america, Revolution, argentina, 3, che guevara, chile, peru, Walter Salles, Gael García Bernal
3 I rate Edgar Rice Burroughs movies. Any other suggestions?	The People That Time Forgot

1 I really like A Clockwork Orange, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Cool Hand Luke, The Sixth Sense, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Searchers. I'm looking for a Karl Malden movie.	On the Waterfront
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I like David Swift movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pollyanna

1 The Experiment, Wings of Desire, Princess Mononoke, City of God, Thank You for Smoking, Pulp Fiction, and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	There Will Be Blood
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, r, Paul Thomas Anderson, California, oil, Paul Dano, Upton Sinclair
3 I prefer gay movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dream Boy

1 Wag the Dog, The Royal Tenenbaums, The Darjeeling Limited, American Beauty, Chinatown, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and City of God are films I liked. I'm looking for a Wes Anderson movie.	The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Bill Murray, Owen Wilson, Wes Anderson, Cate Blanchett, ocean, Willem Dafoe, Anjelica Huston
3 I prefer Ben Stiller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Royal Tenenbaums

1 I liked Indiscreet, How to Get Ahead in Advertising, Raging Bull, The Departed, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Beetlejuice, and Rain Man. I'm looking for a cannibals movie.	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
2 What else is that about?	Horror, slasher, cannibals, Tobe Hooper

1 Belle de Jour, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Forbidden Planet, Brazil, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The African Queen, and Touch of Evil are films I liked. I'm looking for a Luis Buñuel movie.	That Obscure Object of Desire
2 What else is that about?	Luis Buñuel
3 I rate Short movies. Any other suggestions?	Un Chien Andalou

1 Risky Business, The Princess Bride, Rain Man, Big, The Sandlot, Back to the Future, and Tootsie are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Rosie O'Donnell movie.	Tarzan
2 Who is that directed by?	Chris Buck, Kevin Lima
3 I prefer M. Night Shyamalan movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Wide Awake

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, What Dreams May Come, The NeverEnding Story, Batman, Gattaca, The Princess Bride, and Braveheart are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Phantom
2 What else is that about?	Simon Wincer, Billy Zane
3 I like Western movies more. Do you know anything else?	Breakheart Pass

1 The Usual Suspects, Gladiator, The Matrix, Amélie, Alien, Before Sunset, and The Godfather are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	The Sum of Us
2 Who is that directed by?	Geoff Burton, Kevin Dowling
3 I prefer Kevin Macdonald movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	State of Play

1 I watched the films The Pianist, Schindler's List, The Avengers, and The Godfather and loved them. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Behind Enemy Lines
2 Who does that star?	Owen Wilson, Gene Hackman
3 I like Stephen Hunter movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bullies

1 A Beautiful Mind, Good Will Hunting, The Usual Suspects, Life Is Beautiful, The Shawshank Redemption, The Sixth Sense, and Billy Elliot are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Almost Famous
2 What else is that about?	Drama, soundtrack, teen, 1970s, writer, journalist, Cameron Crowe
3 I prefer True Story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The First Grader

1 Chinatown, Fargo, Taxi Driver, Pulp Fiction, City of God, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and Blade Runner are movies I love. I'm looking for a dvd movie.	Minority Report
2 What else is that about?	Crime, murder, Mystery, Police, future, dvd, Steven Spielberg, Tom Cruise, science fiction, Philip K. Dick, spielberg, technology, Colin Farrell, Max von Sydow, Samantha Morton
3 I prefer own movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas

1 I love Desperado, Toy Story, Broken Arrow, Clerks, Bitter Moon, Multiplicity, and Speed. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 Who is that directed by?	Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer David Mamet movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	State and Main

1 Primal Fear, The Silence of the Lambs, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Matrix are movies I loved. I'm looking for a japan movie.	The Last Samurai
2 What else is that about?	War, japan, Tom Cruise, Epic, samurai, Rebellion, new zealand, Ken Watanabe, Edward Zwick, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tony Goldwyn
3 I like gangs movies more. Do you know anything else?	Crows Zero

1 The Last King of Scotland, Fight Club, The Secret Garden, Once, American History X, Ice Age, and Dogma are movies I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mamma Mia!
2 Who is that directed by?	Phyllida Lloyd
3 I like Jonathan Sobol movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Art of the Steal

1 His Girl Friday, A Simple Plan, Unforgiven, Camelot, Pride and Prejudice, The Crucible, and Rebel Without a Cause are films I really like. I'm looking for an interesting movie.	The January Man
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel, Kevin Kline, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio

1 Defending Your Life, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Sixth Sense, Reservoir Dogs, Strangers on a Train, The Killing, and Belle de Jour are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	American Splendor
2 What else is that about?	Paul Giamatti, comic books, Shari Springer Berman, Robert Pulcini
3 I rate Michael Palin movies. Any other suggestions?	A Fish Called Wanda

1 Raising Arizona, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Reservoir Dogs, Blade Runner, The Great Escape, Patton, and Full Metal Jacket are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	King Kong
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Monster, King Kong, Jessica Lange
3 I rate John McTiernan movies. Any other suggestions?	Last Action Hero

1 I really like Mars Attacks!, Groundhog Day, The Muppet Christmas Carol, The Mummy, M, The Nightmare Before Christmas, and The Green Mile. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Coneheads
2 Who is that directed by?	Steve Barron
3 I like Andrew Fleming movies more. Do you know anything else?	Threesome

1 There's Something About Mary, Braveheart, American Beauty, Aliens, Mystic River, Lost in Translation, and Chocolat are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	In the Bedroom
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Todd Field
3 I prefer controversial movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Natural Born Killers

1 I really liked Corrina, Corrina, It Could Happen to You, Braveheart, Miracle on 34th Street, Dances with Wolves, Jurassic Park, and Fly Away Home. I'm looking for a Mark Twain movie.	Tom and Huck
2 What else is that about?	Mark Twain, Peter Hewitt
3 I prefer Norman Taurog movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Adventures of Tom Sawyer

1 I really like Die Hard, Gladiator, All About My Mother, Princess Mononoke, A Beautiful Mind, Fight Club, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Western movie.	A Fistful of Dollars
2 Who is that directed by?	Sergio Leone
3 I like Howard Hawks movies more. Do you know anything else?	El Dorado

1 Independence Day, The Great Escape, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Saving Private Ryan, Ben-Hur, The Shawshank Redemption, and Babe are films I loved. I'm looking for a War movie.	Breaker Morant
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Australia, australian, court, Bruce Beresford
3 I prefer satirical movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	MASH

1 Henry V, Philadelphia, The Sixth Sense, A League of Their Own, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Witness, and Gigi are films I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Fallen
2 What else is that about?	supernatural, Denzel Washington, John Goodman, Gregory Hoblit
3 I prefer Crime movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fifty Dead Men Walking

1 Training Day, City of God, The Green Mile, Gladiator, A Beautiful Mind, District 9, and Inception are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Changeling
2 What else is that about?	murder, r, Police, Corruption, Clint Eastwood, Angelina Jolie, John Malkovich, political, Impostor, ne
3 I rate Romantic Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Barefoot

1 The Big Lebowski, American Beauty, Kalifornia, L.A. Confidential, Full Metal Jacket, Welcome to the Dollhouse, and Y Tu Mamá También are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Jeff Bridges movie.	True Grit
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, coen brothers, Matt Damon, Western, Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin, Hailee Steinfeld, Barry Pepper
3 I prefer Ryan Reynolds movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	R.I.P.D.

1 I watched the films Batman Forever, Addams Family Values, Tombstone, Fargo, True Romance, Ed Wood, and While You Were Sleeping and loved them. I'm looking for a Stockard Channing movie.	Six Degrees of Separation
2 What else is that about?	Stockard Channing
3 I prefer own movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Practical Magic

1 Pinocchio, To Kill a Mockingbird, Blue Velvet, Dances with Wolves, A Close Shave, Singin' in the Rain, and Planet of the Apes are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Apollo 13
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate Sidney Lumet movies. Any other suggestions?	Power

1 American History X, True Romance, The Big Lebowski, and American Beauty are films I love. I'm looking for a teen movie.	Dazed and Confused
2 Who is that directed by?	Richard Linklater
3 I like Amy Heckerling movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fast Times at Ridgemont High

1 Raising Arizona, Waterworld, The Killer, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Sling Blade, and Bound are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Robert M. Young movie.	Caught
2 Who does that star?	Edward James Olmos, Arie Verveen, Bitty Schram
3 I prefer Jamie Lee Curtis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dominick and Eugene

1 I really like The Unbearable Lightness of Being, Aladdin, Cousin Bette, The Fox and the Hound, Dirty Pretty Things, Kind Hearts and Coronets, and The Inspector General. I'm looking for a Western movie.	The Gunfighter
2 Who does that star?	Gregory Peck, Millard Mitchell, Helen Westcott
3 I prefer James Garner movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	One Little Indian

1 Toy Story, The Birdcage, Rumble in the Bronx, Heat, Twister, Independence Day, and Fargo are films I really like. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	The Rock
2 What else is that about?	Action, r, Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery, San Francisco, Ed Harris, Michael Bay, alcatraz
3 I prefer queen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Highlander

1 I watched the films Ghost, The Lion King, First Knight, Beauty and the Beast, Forrest Gump, Pretty Woman, and Toy Story and loved them. I'm looking for a seattle movie.	Sleepless in Seattle
2 Who does that star?	Tom Hanks
3 I rate Dane DeHaan movies. Any other suggestions?	Chronicle

1 Grease, Batman, MASH, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Terminator, Forrest Gump, and The Sound of Music are films I like. I'm looking for a vietnam war movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kubrick
3 I prefer Christopher Crowe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Off Limits

1 I liked Casablanca, L.A. Confidential, Before Sunrise, Big Night, North by Northwest, Bowling for Columbine, and The Usual Suspects. I'm looking for an Ang Lee movie.	Eat Drink Man Woman
2 Who is that directed by?	Ang Lee

1 The Princess Bride, Back to the Future, Blade Runner, The Maltese Falcon, Rain Man, Rear Window, and Hamlet are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
2 Who does that star?	James Stewart, Claude Rains, Jean Arthur, Edward Arnold
3 I like Maurice Ronet movies more. Do you know anything else?	La Piscine

1 Monsters, Inc., Eat Drink Man Woman, Saving Private Ryan, Finding Nemo, The Usual Suspects, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Signs are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	What's Up, Doc?
2 Who does that star?	Barbra Streisand, Madeline Kahn, Ryan O'Neal
3 I like Shirley MacLaine movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bernie

1 I really liked Metropolis, The Matrix, Clerks, Akira, Mallrats, Spider-Man, and The Godfather. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, star wars, Kevin Smith, view askew, jay and silent bob
3 I like Madonna movies more. Do you know anything else?	Who's That Girl

1 I really like The Shawshank Redemption, The Fugitive, and Schindler's List. I'm looking for a hollywood movie.	Pretty Woman
2 Who does that star?	Julia Roberts, Richard Gere, Jason Alexander, Ralph Bellamy
3 I rate Tim Robbins movies. Any other suggestions?	The Player

1 I like Ninotchka, Barry Lyndon, Sleeper, High Noon, It's a Wonderful Life, Easy Rider, and Out of Africa. I'm looking for a Wes Anderson movie.	Rushmore
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson

1 I liked Lethal Weapon, Freeway, The Fifth Element, Jaws, Evil Dead II, Rushmore, and Army of Darkness. I'm looking for a boarding school movie.	Outside Providence
2 What else is that about?	boarding school
3 I like Alfonso Cuarón movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Little Princess

1 The Rules of Attraction, Closer, A Clockwork Orange, American Psycho, The Triplets of Belleville, Bowling for Columbine, and The Incredibles are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Robert Pulcini movie.	American Splendor
2 What else is that about?	Paul Giamatti, comic books, Shari Springer Berman, Robert Pulcini
3 I like James Gandolfini movies more. Do you know anything else?	Cinema Verite

1 I watched the films My Fair Lady, The Cider House Rules, Schindler's List, Something Wild, Saturday Night Fever, A Clockwork Orange, and My Dinner with Andre and loved them. I'm looking for a Lou Diamond Phillips movie.	La Bamba
2 What else is that about?	Lou Diamond Phillips
3 I rate Western movies. Any other suggestions?	Young Guns

1 Alien, Clerks II, The Fountain, Clerks, Reservoir Dogs, Cube, and Metropolis are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a surreal movie.	Un Chien Andalou
2 What else is that about?	surreal, Short, Luis Buñuel
3 I like Emir Kusturica movies more. Do you know anything else?	Arizona Dream

1 Blade Runner, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Happy Accidents, The Sixth Sense, Memento, The Departed, and High Fidelity are films I like. I'm looking for an Alison Lohman movie.	Drag Me to Hell
2 Who does that star?	Justin Long, Alison Lohman, Lorna Raver
3 I like Sam Rockwell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Matchstick Men

1 Pulp Fiction, Sling Blade, The Usual Suspects, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Forrest Gump, Saving Private Ryan, and The Matrix are films I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Good Will Hunting
2 What else is that about?	r, Matt Damon, Robin Williams, own, owned, mathematics, Ben Affleck, genius, boston, math, Gus Van Sant, Minnie Driver, therapy
3 I prefer Stanley Kramer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	On the Beach

1 I liked The Hustler, Enter the Dragon, Chicago, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The Apostle, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, and Best in Show. I'm looking for a private detective movie.	The Maltese Falcon
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, private detective, Roy Del Ruth, Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon
3 I like bd-r movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Maltese Falcon

1 I loved Heat, The Ninth Gate, Payback, Falling Down, Higher Learning, Men in Black, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Fish Called Wanda
2 Who is that directed by?	Charles Crichton, John Cleese
3 I like Philip Seymour Hoffman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jack Goes Boating

1 The Rock, True Lies, Rob Roy, Chinatown, Patton, The Shawshank Redemption, and To Kill a Mockingbird are films I love. I'm looking for a Jackie Chan movie.	Rumble in the Bronx
2 Who does that star?	Jackie Chan, Anita Mui
3 I rate Lola Forner movies. Any other suggestions?	Armour of God

1 I really like A Night at the Opera, Double Jeopardy, Dave, Yentl, Catch-22, Picnic at Hanging Rock, and Walkabout. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
2 Who does that star?	Buster Keaton, Zero Mostel, Michael Crawford, Phil Silvers
3 I like Ralf Harolde movies more. Do you know anything else?	Safe in Hell

1 I really like Romeo + Juliet, Leaving Las Vegas, Dead Man Walking, Beautiful Girls, The First Wives Club, Jerry Maguire, and The Rock. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Muppet Treasure Island
2 Who does that star?	Billy Connolly, Tim Curry, Jennifer Saunders, Kevin Bishop
3 I prefer Jennifer Connelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Labyrinth

1 The Maltese Falcon, Braveheart, Ransom, Casablanca, The Princess Bride, Tombstone, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I like. I'm looking for a John Cleese movie.	A Fish Called Wanda
2 What else is that about?	John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline, fish, Michael Palin, Charles Crichton
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	And Now for Something Completely Different

1 I really liked Stir of Echoes, Hocus Pocus, The Silence of the Lambs, American Pie, Boiler Room, Return to Me, and North by Northwest. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Liberty Heights
2 What else is that about?	Barry Levinson
3 I prefer national film registry movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dances with Wolves

1 Amélie, Memento, The Nightmare Before Christmas, Trainspotting, The Idiots, The Killer, and Reservoir Dogs are films I liked. I'm looking for a Wayne Wang movie.	Smoke
2 What else is that about?	independent film, Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Wayne Wang, Paul Auster
3 I rate women movies. Any other suggestions?	The Joy Luck Club

1 Shrek, Schindler's List, La Femme Nikita, The Godfather, Blazing Saddles, Lethal Weapon, and The Sixth Sense are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	We Were Soldiers
2 What else is that about?	War, Mel Gibson, Randall Wallace
3 I rate Drama movies. Any other suggestions?	Dead Poets Society

1 Rumble in the Bronx, Ransom, White Squall, Jerry Maguire, The English Patient, Bed of Roses, and One Fine Day are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Turbulence
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Butler
3 I prefer George Ratliff movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Joshua

1 I loved Being There, Of Gods and Men, The Last Temptation of Christ, The Motorcycle Diaries, Starman, Control Room, and Airplane!. I'm looking for a bd-r movie.	Obsession
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian De Palma
3 I like William F. Claxton movies more. Do you know anything else?	Night of the Lepus

1 Chasing Amy, The Usual Suspects, The Blair Witch Project, Braveheart, Being John Malkovich, Raging Bull, and I Shot Andy Warhol are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Cape Fear
2 Who is that directed by?	J. Lee Thompson
3 I prefer David Fincher movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone Girl

1 Batman, Scream, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, I Still Know What You Did Last Summer, and Halloween are movies I loved. I'm looking for a nazis movie.	Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, franchise, nazis, Steven Spielberg, Harrison Ford, Sean Connery, spielberg, india, indiana jones, River Phoenix, Lucas, holy grail, indiana, Denholm Elliott
3 I rate best picture movies. Any other suggestions?	Casablanca

1 La Femme Nikita, Office Space, Forrest Gump, Time Bandits, The Fifth Element, Run Lola Run, and Stargate are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Strangers on a Train
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, murder, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, tennis
3 I prefer Julianne Moore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Big Lebowski

1 I liked Juno, The Princess Bride, Fight Club, Rain Man, The Hangover, Big, and American Beauty. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Romeo Must Die
2 Who does that star?	Jet Li, Isaiah Washington, Aaliyah, Russell Wong
3 I rate Lennie James movies. Any other suggestions?	Colombiana

1 Singin' in the Rain, The Wizard of Oz, To Be or Not to Be, My Man Godfrey, A Streetcar Named Desire, Key Largo, and Citizen Kane are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Women
2 Who is that directed by?	Diane English
3 I rate Werner Herzog movies. Any other suggestions?	Woyzeck

1 Muriel's Wedding, The Sound of Music, Farewell My Concubine, Casablanca, Crooklyn, The Usual Suspects, and The Rock are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Cuba movie.	Strawberry and Chocolate
2 What else is that about?	Cuba
3 I prefer Havana movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Buena Vista Social Club

1 I really like Goldfinger, A Christmas Carol, The Quiet Man, Gone with the Wind, Forrest Gump, The Terminator, and Fargo. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Braveheart
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, england, historical, story, Mel Gibson, Epic, 1, scottish
3 I like aids movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Cure

1 Cool Hand Luke, Network, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Diary of Anne Frank, Wait Until Dark, Come Back, Little Sheba, and Casino are movies I love. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	White Heat
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, library, national film registry, gangs, noir, James Cagney, Raoul Walsh
3 I rate Bob Rafelson movies. Any other suggestions?	Five Easy Pieces

1 High Fidelity, The Matrix, City Lights, Vertigo, Le Samouraï, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Mad Max are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Harakiri
2 What else is that about?	japan, Japanese, Masaki Kobayashi
3 I rate Brazil movies. Any other suggestions?	The Year My Parents Went on Vacation

1 The Bridge on the River Kwai, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, No Country for Old Men, Fargo, Stir of Echoes, The Big Lebowski, and Stalag 17 are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Monster
2 What else is that about?	Drama, serial killer, Crime, murder, Charlize Theron, Christina Ricci, 90s
3 I like Mitchell Leisen movies more. Do you know anything else?	To Each His Own

1 I liked Grease 2, Schindler's List, Lethal Weapon 2, American Beauty, Top Gun, Armageddon, and Great Expectations. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Fog
2 What else is that about?	Horror, John Carpenter, Jamie Lee Curtis, Hal Holbrook
3 I rate Archie Mayo movies. Any other suggestions?	Svengali

1 Vertigo, North by Northwest, The Shining, Taxi Driver, Citizen Kane, and Apocalypse Now are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Rashomon
2 What else is that about?	japan, masterpiece, Akira Kurosawa, toshiro mifune, kurosawa
3 I prefer directorial debut movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Little Man Tate

1 I like Delicatessen, Alien, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Vertigo, Being John Malkovich, Back to the Future, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Repo Man
2 Who does that star?	Harry Dean Stanton, Emilio Estevez
3 I like Breckin Meyer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Blue State

1 I love Pulp Fiction, Alien, The Usual Suspects, Blade Runner, Casino, Brazil, and Jaws. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Clueless
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Jane Austen, Paul Rudd, Brittany Murphy, Alicia Silverstone, Amy Heckerling
3 I rate Adam Sandler movies. Any other suggestions?	Eight Crazy Nights

1 Beetlejuice, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Demolition Man, The Fugitive, Until the End of the World, The Dark Crystal, and The Rock are films I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Virtuosity
2 What else is that about?	Russell Crowe
3 I like motorcycle movies more. Do you know anything else?	Torque

1 Inception, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Princess Mononoke, The Matrix, The King's Speech, Amélie, and The Bourne Identity are films I really like. I'm looking for a Sally Field movie.	Lincoln
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Biography, Steven Spielberg, spielberg, Sally Field
3 I rate Chris Columbus movies. Any other suggestions?	Mrs. Doubtfire

1 U.S. Marshals, Ghostbusters, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Body Heat, and The Killing Fields are movies I love. I'm looking for a War movie.	The Year of Living Dangerously
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I prefer Billy Wilder movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Five Graves to Cairo

1 Forrest Gump, Sleepless in Seattle, and Ghost are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Michael Crichton movie.	Jurassic Park
2 What else is that about?	Action, Adventure, violence, franchise, Steven Spielberg, science fiction, special effects, spielberg, science, characters, dinosaurs, Michael Crichton, effects, book, design, John Williams, dinosaur
3 I like David Thewlis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Timeline

1 Edward Scissorhands and The Shawshank Redemption are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Forrest Gump
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Drama, War, Tom Hanks, soundtrack, historical, Epic, romantic, Romantic Comedy, political, cult, Robert Zemeckis, united states, best picture, Life, 2, Gary Sinise, Sally Field, Running, alabama, historic, shrimp
3 I like Oliver Reed movies more. Do you know anything else?	Gladiator

1 Tombstone, First Knight, True Lies, Apollo 13, Legends of the Fall, Clear and Present Danger, and Braveheart are movies I love. I'm looking for a William Gibson movie.	Johnny Mnemonic
2 What else is that about?	dystopia, future, Keanu Reeves, Dolph Lundgren, William Gibson, Ice-T
3 I rate Ice-T movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny Mnemonic

1 When Harry Met Sally..., Big Trouble in Little China, Billy Elliot, The Godfather, The Graduate, Witness, and Halloween are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Amazon Women on the Moon
2 Who is that directed by?	John Landis, Joe Dante, Peter Horton, Carl Gottlieb, Robert K. Weiss
3 I rate Francis Ford Coppola movies. Any other suggestions?	Peggy Sue Got Married

1 Bridget Jones's Diary, His Girl Friday, The Hudsucker Proxy, American Beauty, My Cousin Vinny, Heathers, and Auntie Mame are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Haunted Honeymoon
2 Who is that directed by?	Gene Wilder
3 I like Kevin Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Jersey Girl

1 I liked Shadowlands, The Shawshank Redemption, First Knight, Schindler's List, Jumanji, Before Sunrise, and In the Line of Fire. I'm looking for a Pete Postlethwaite movie.	In the Name of the Father
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Sheridan
3 I like Bryan Singer movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Usual Suspects

1 Total Recall, Big Trouble in Little China, An American Werewolf in London, Ghostbusters, The Fly, Fight Club, and The Thing are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Monty Python and the Holy Grail
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, classic, british, hilarious, british comedy, monty python, ridiculous, Terry Gilliam, John Cleese, King Arthur, gilliam, holy grail, Terry Jones, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman
3 I prefer Woody Allen movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Celebrity

1 I like Trainspotting, Coming to America, Memento, City of God, Fight Club, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a hockey movie.	Happy Gilmore
2 Who is that directed by?	Dennis Dugan
3 I rate Robert Lieberman movies. Any other suggestions?	Breakaway

1 I watched the films Jaws, Gone with the Wind, Les Misérables, The Graduate, The Wizard of Oz, Forrest Gump, and Dances with Wolves and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sophie's Choice
2 Who is that directed by?	Alan J. Pakula
3 I rate Dalton Trumbo movies. Any other suggestions?	Johnny Got His Gun

1 I really liked Some Like It Hot, The Graduate, On the Waterfront, Swingers, Central Station, Ghost World, and Mona Lisa. I'm looking for a Jean Vigo movie.	L'Atalante
2 What else is that about?	Jean Vigo
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	Zero for Conduct

1 And Now for Something Completely Different, Aliens, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Happy Gilmore, Chasing Amy, Glory, and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Oscar Wilde movie.	The Importance of Being Earnest
2 Who is that directed by?	Oliver Parker
3 I rate Jules Dassin movies. Any other suggestions?	The Canterville Ghost

1 Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Babe, A Christmas Story, A Bug's Life, The Princess Bride, Bringing Up Baby, and Ladyhawke are films I liked. I'm looking for a Russell Crowe movie.	The Sum of Us
2 Who is that directed by?	Geoff Burton, Kevin Dowling
3 I rate Clare Peploe movies. Any other suggestions?	Rough Magic

1 I watched the films Welcome to the Dollhouse, The Last Emperor, Trainspotting, The Shawshank Redemption, The Seventh Seal, Ran, and Before the Rain and loved them. I'm looking for a 4 movie.	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2 What else is that about?	4, Philip Kaufman, prague, Milan Kundera
3 I like Sean Penn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Game

1 A Room with a View, Clueless, Emma, The Truman Show, Pi, Starship Troopers, and Harold and Maude are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Boogie Nights
2 What else is that about?	Drama, 1980s, 1970s, Mark Wahlberg, Paul Thomas Anderson, 70s
3 I like Mikhail Kalatozov movies more. Do you know anything else?	Letter Never Sent

1 Delicatessen, Vagabond, Synecdoche, New York, Monster, Goodbye Solo, Jean de Florette, and Salaam Bombay! are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Morvern Callar
2 Who is that directed by?	Lynne Ramsay
3 I like John Lee Hancock movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Rookie

1 I love The Silence of the Lambs, In the Line of Fire, Apollo 13, M, Whale Rider, Monster, and Up in Smoke. I'm looking for a pows movie.	Stalag 17
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Billy Wilder, William Holden, pows

1 The Green Mile, You've Got Mail, Life Is Beautiful, Temple Grandin, A Beautiful Mind, Rain Man, and The Science of Sleep are films I really like. I'm looking for a Woody Allen movie.	Play It Again, Sam
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, Herbert Ross
3 I like Adventure movies more. Do you know anything else?	Antz

1 I loved Minority Report, Batman Begins, The Bridges of Madison County, North by Northwest, Big Fish, When Harry Met Sally..., and Titanic. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ghostbusters
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, new york city, Bill Murray, ghosts, supernatural, Sigourney Weaver, Dan Aykroyd, saturday night live, Harold Ramis, Rick Moranis, Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer Richard Thorpe movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Barnacle Bill

1 Faust, Throne of Blood, Taste of Cherry, Elephant, Dogville, Kandahar, and Gabbeh are films I loved. I'm looking for a Samira Makhmalbaf movie.	Blackboards
2 What else is that about?	Samira Makhmalbaf
3 I rate apple movies. Any other suggestions?	The Apple

1 Lost in Translation, A Grand Day Out, The Wrong Trousers, A Close Shave, On the Waterfront, Das Boot, and Lawrence of Arabia are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	School of Rock
2 What else is that about?	Music, Musical, Jack Black, school, teacher, Richard Linklater, rock, guitar
3 I prefer Bud Spencer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Go for It

1 The Juror, The Usual Suspects, The Lion King, Heat, Searching for Bobby Fischer, Little Buddha, and Casino are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Last Action Hero
2 Who is that directed by?	John McTiernan
3 I rate Franco Amurri movies. Any other suggestions?	Flashback

1 Apollo 13, Aladdin, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, Taxi Driver, Hoop Dreams, and The Usual Suspects are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Richard Gere movie.	First Knight
2 What else is that about?	Romance, Sean Connery, Richard Gere, King Arthur, arthurian legend, Julia Ormond
3 I like gigolo movies more. Do you know anything else?	American Gigolo

1 Thirteen Days, Shakespeare in Love, American Beauty, Moulin Rouge!, As Good as It Gets, Fight Club, and Shrek are films I love. I'm looking for a shyamalan movie.	The Village
2 What else is that about?	psychological, own, M. Night Shyamalan, cult, village, shyamalan
3 I like script movies more. Do you know anything else?	Signs

1 The Godfather, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Toy Story, Grumpier Old Men, The Wizard of Oz, Schindler's List, and Alien are movies I liked. I'm looking for a suspense movie.	Rear Window
2 What else is that about?	classic, Thriller, suspense, murder, national film registry, Alfred Hitchcock, Hitchcock, James Stewart, Grace Kelly, Thelma Ritter, Raymond Burr
3 I like Dustin Hoffman movies more. Do you know anything else?	Marathon Man

1 Good Will Hunting, Rebel Without a Cause, The Return of Martin Guerre, Out of Sight, Rear Window, Annie Hall, and The Godfather are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Priest movie.	The Exorcist
2 Who does that star?	Max von Sydow, Ellen Burstyn, Lee J. Cobb
3 I rate Laura Linney movies. Any other suggestions?	The Exorcism of Emily Rose

1 Groundhog Day, Lord of War, Toy Story 3, Goodfellas, I Am Legend, We Were Soldiers, and The Hangover are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Mist
2 What else is that about?	r, small town, Stephen King, ending, Monster, Frank Darabont, supermarket, the ending, The End
3 I like Italian movies more. Do you know anything else?	City of the Living Dead

1 Maverick, Mrs. Doubtfire, Schindler's List, Apollo 13, Sleepless in Seattle, Jurassic Park, and Speed are movies I love. I'm looking for a Jessica Lange movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I like fish movies more. Do you know anything else?	Big Fish

1 Meatballs, National Lampoon's Vacation, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Goonies, Blue Velvet, Fletch, and A Christmas Story are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Payback
2 What else is that about?	classic, r, Mel Gibson, Brian Helgeland
3 I rate Beethoven movies. Any other suggestions?	A Clockwork Orange

1 I like Blade Runner, Memento, Pi, Naked Lunch, Miller's Crossing, Oldboy, and Primer. I'm looking for a british movie.	Eden Lake
2 What else is that about?	british
3 I prefer Shane Meadows movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dead Man's Shoes

1 Dead Poets Society, Casablanca, The Princess Bride, and Office Space are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Akira
2 Who does that star?	Mami Koyama, Mitsuo Iwata, Nozomu Sasaki
3 I prefer Jason Statham movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Parker

1 The African Queen, Clueless, Blue Velvet, East of Eden, Some Like It Hot, Taxi Driver, and Raging Bull are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roman Holiday
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I like David Miller movies more. Do you know anything else?	Love Happy

1 The Shawshank Redemption, No Country for Old Men, The Prestige, House of 1000 Corpses, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Blazing Saddles, and Reservoir Dogs are films I really liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ninja Scroll
2 What else is that about?	Ninja, Yoshiaki Kawajiri
3 I prefer Chris Pine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Star Trek

1 Happy Gilmore, The First Wives Club, The Mirror Has Two Faces, Black Sheep, The Chamber, Twister, and The Craft are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Juror
2 Who is that directed by?	Brian Gibson
3 I like Edward Dmytryk movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mirage

1 I like Ed Wood, Hero, The City of Lost Children, Dangerous Liaisons, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Gattaca, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Edward Scissorhands
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, dark, Johnny Depp, Family, Tim Burton, Winona Ryder, dark fantasy, Vincent Price, hugo award, Dianne Wiest, burton, depp
3 I like Henry Hathaway movies more. Do you know anything else?	Peter Ibbetson

1 Schindler's List, Muriel's Wedding, Miracle on 34th Street, The Fugitive, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, and Much Ado About Nothing are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	I.Q.
2 What else is that about?	romantic, Romantic Comedy, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins, Walter Matthau, Fred Schepisi
3 I like Anne Bancroft movies more. Do you know anything else?	Torch Song Trilogy

1 Independence Day, Braveheart, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Lion King, Philadelphia, Jurassic Park, and Pretty Woman are films I really liked. I'm looking for a John Grisham movie.	The Client
2 Who does that star?	Tommy Lee Jones, Susan Sarandon
3 I like Matthew McConaughey movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Time to Kill

1 I love Die Hard, Road Trip, Ocean's Thirteen, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Forrest Gump, and Transformers. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	100 Girls
2 Who does that star?	Jonathan Tucker
3 I like Harold Lloyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Why Worry?

1 North by Northwest, Dances with Wolves, Braveheart, October Sky, Fantasia, The Rock, and Anastasia are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dario Argento movie.	Inferno
2 Who does that star?	Irene Miracle, Daria Nicolodi, Eleonora Giorgi, Leigh McCloskey
3 I prefer Jennifer Connelly movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Phenomena

1 I loved Fargo, City of God, La Dolce Vita, Pulp Fiction, Lawrence of Arabia, Chungking Express, and M. I'm looking for an Emily Watson movie.	Breaking the Waves
2 Who is that directed by?	Lars von Trier
3 I like Kurt Wimmer movies more. Do you know anything else?	Equilibrium

1 I really liked Unforgiven, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Goodfellas, Spirited Away, The Exorcist, Glengarry Glen Ross, and The Sixth Sense. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Jacob's Ladder
2 What else is that about?	War, psychological, strange, flashbacks, Tim Robbins, hallucination, psychological horror
3 I like Frances McDormand movies more. Do you know anything else?	Darkman

1 I really liked Rear Window, Casablanca, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Ben-Hur, The Godfather, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Roman Holiday
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, bd-r, Romantic Comedy, Audrey Hepburn, rome, Gregory Peck, William Wyler, Princess
3 I like Music movies more. Do you know anything else?	That Thing You Do!

1 I really like The Blind Side, Freaky Friday, Finding Nemo, The Bourne Ultimatum, The Princess Diaries, Monsters, Inc., and Up. I'm looking for an effects movie.	Avatar
2 What else is that about?	cinematography, War, science fiction, Epic, science, 3d, technology, Sigourney Weaver, James Cameron, effects, visual, mining, Michelle Rodriguez, Sam Worthington, art direction, imax, natives, Giovanni Ribisi, eco, Zoe Saldana
3 I rate Elle Fanning movies. Any other suggestions?	Super 8

1 Amélie, Sleeping Beauty, The Matrix, The Ring, All Dogs Go to Heaven, The Land Before Time, and Donnie Darko are movies I really like. I'm looking for a friendship movie.	Ghost World
2 What else is that about?	High School, comic book, friendship, r, adolescence, Terry Zwigoff
3 I like alzheimer's disease movies more. Do you know anything else?	Wrinkles

1 The Matrix, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and Braveheart are films I loved. I'm looking for a teen movie.	Back to the Future
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Zemeckis
3 I prefer Justin Lin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Better Luck Tomorrow

1 The Muppet Movie, Mighty Aphrodite, That Thing You Do!, Flirting with Disaster, Casablanca, A Face in the Crowd, and Cool Hand Luke are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Martin Short movie.	Mumford
2 Who is that directed by?	Lawrence Kasdan
3 I prefer John Landis movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	¡Three Amigos!

1 Serenity, There's Something About Mary, The Terminator, Highlander, Total Recall, The Matrix, and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shrek 2
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Animation, sequel, Cameron Diaz, Eddie Murphy, dreamworks, Antonio Banderas, John Cleese, Mike Myers, Julie Andrews, 4, dreamworks animation, Andrew Adamson
3 I prefer Family movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Game Plan

1 Raising Arizona, Apocalypse Now, The Godfather, Alien, Pulp Fiction, Blade Runner, and Trainspotting are movies I like. I'm looking for a r movie.	Fargo
2 What else is that about?	dark comedy, Crime, r, Police, acting, coen brothers, library, national film registry, Steve Buscemi, cult, Frances McDormand, minnesota, William H. Macy, Frances
3 I like reporter movies more. Do you know anything else?	24 Hour Party People

1 I watched the films Chinatown, Easy Rider, Fargo, The Full Monty, American Beauty, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Manhattan and loved them. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Drugstore Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Gus Van Sant, Heather Graham
3 I rate Thomas Pynchon movies. Any other suggestions?	Inherent Vice

1 I really liked Donnie Darko, Memento, and Fight Club. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Sin City
2 What else is that about?	Action, bd-r, dark, murder, r, Bruce Willis, Police, own, brutal, Robert Rodriguez, Clive Owen, Elijah Wood, Jessica Alba, noir, Benicio Del Toro, Mickey Rourke, visual, Frank Miller, Rosario Dawson, prostitutes, 2, Rutger Hauer, Brittany Murphy, graphic novel, comic, Carla Gugino, Alexis Bledel, Michael Madsen, action thriller
3 I rate Hugo Weaving movies. Any other suggestions?	The Interview

1 Schindler's List, Babe, Beauty and the Beast, Dances with Wolves, The Shawshank Redemption, Pulp Fiction, and The Silence of the Lambs are movies I liked. I'm looking for a minimalist movie.	Before Sunrise
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Julie Delpy

1 I really liked The Sixth Sense, The Godfather, The Red Violin, The Doors, Blue Velvet, Titanic, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. I'm looking for a War movie.	Patton
2 Who is that directed by?	Franklin J. Schaffner
3 I rate John Irvin movies. Any other suggestions?	Hamburger Hill

1 Duck Soup, The Manchurian Candidate, Vertigo, Yojimbo, Annie Hall, Fantastic Voyage, and Bonnie and Clyde are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Good movie.	It Conquered the World
2 Who is that directed by?	Roger Corman
3 I prefer Len Wiseman movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Live Free or Die Hard

1 The Wizard of Oz, The Palm Beach Story, His Girl Friday, Ninotchka, It Happened One Night, Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould, and The Lady Eve are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Duck Soup
2 What else is that about?	national film registry, marx brothers, Leo McCarey
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Female Trouble

1 Das Boot, Apollo 13, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Citizen Kane, The Usual Suspects, Blade Runner, and The Blues Brothers are films I loved. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Jurassic Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Steven Spielberg
3 I prefer Peter Yates movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Year of the Comet

1 Heathers, The Virgin Suicides, American Beauty, All About My Mother, and The Ice Storm are movies I really like. I'm looking for a robin wright penn movie.	White Oleander
2 What else is that about?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Alison Lohman, robin wright penn, Patrick Fugit
3 I prefer 3d movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Beowulf

1 I really like Dead Poets Society, Saving Private Ryan, Dolores Claiborne, Spider-Man 2, The Secret of NIMH, Dogma, and Frailty. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Mon Oncle
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, light, Jacques Tati, modern, uncle
3 I rate Gary Oldman movies. Any other suggestions?	Nobody's Baby

1 Miracle on 34th Street, The Shawshank Redemption, Smoke, Hoop Dreams, The Fugitive, Pulp Fiction, and The Usual Suspects are films I really like. I'm looking for a Chris Noonan movie.	Babe
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, own, Pigs, Animal, sheep, pig, Chris Noonan
3 I prefer Ewan McGregor movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Miss Potter

1 I really liked The Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Incredibles, The Beach, But I'm a Cheerleader, Rent, Monsters, Inc., and Mamma Mia!. I'm looking for a The Beatles movie.	Across the Universe
2 Who does that star?	Jim Sturgess, Evan Rachel Wood, Joe Anderson, Dana Fuchs
3 I prefer The Beatles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Yellow Submarine

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, Ransom, Jerry Maguire, The Birdcage, and Toy Story are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Ridley Scott movie.	White Squall
2 Who is that directed by?	Ridley Scott

1 Beauty and the Beast, Natural Born Killers, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Kalifornia, Forget Paris, The Piano, and Leaving Las Vegas are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	When a Man Loves a Woman
2 What else is that about?	Love, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Meg Ryan
3 I like Gwyneth Paltrow movies more. Do you know anything else?	Sliding Doors

1 I like The Sixth Sense, Clerks, Rain Man, and Entrapment. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Bedroom Window
2 Who does that star?	Steve Guttenberg, Isabelle Huppert, Elizabeth McGovern
3 I prefer Tom Sizemore movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Red Planet

1 Annie Hall, Saving Private Ryan, Manhattan, Das Boot, The Pianist, A Fistful of Dollars, and Planet of the Apes are films I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Picnic at Hanging Rock
2 Who is that directed by?	Peter Weir
3 I like Alfred Santell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Polly of the Circus

1 The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Eyes Wide Shut, The Fifth Element, Escape from New York, Pulp Fiction, Run Lola Run, and Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Face/Off
2 What else is that about?	Action, Nicolas Cage, John Travolta, John Woo
3 I rate bd-r movies. Any other suggestions?	An American Hippie in Israel

1 Romancing the Stone, Bringing Up Baby, The Manchurian Candidate, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Ben-Hur, Key Largo, and Father of the Bride are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Stephen King movie.	The Running Man
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Michael Glaser
3 I prefer Fritz Kiersch movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Children of the Corn

1 Moulin Rouge!, Inherit the Wind, Dogma, Marathon Man, Dances with Wolves, The Manchurian Candidate, and Searching for Bobby Fischer are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Splendor in the Grass
2 Who is that directed by?	Elia Kazan
3 I like Tod Browning movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Blackbird

1 Pi, Pitch Black, The Ice Storm, Bulworth, Hot Fuzz, Serendipity, and Bambi are movies I love. I'm looking for a Sci-Fi movie.	Firestarter
2 What else is that about?	Stephen King

1 I really like Life Is Beautiful, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, and The Shawshank Redemption. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gladiator
2 What else is that about?	Drama, War, r, historical, Russell Crowe, Epic, Ridley Scott, Joaquin Phoenix, slavery, historical epic, Richard Harris, Oliver Reed, Connie Nielsen, Derek Jacobi
3 I like president movies more. Do you know anything else?	Frost/Nixon

1 I like Chicken Run, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, Romeo and Juliet, Croupier, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Shall We Dance?, and The Maltese Falcon. I'm looking for a dark movie.	The Haunting
2 What else is that about?	dark, remake, Liam Neeson, Owen Wilson, haunted house, Jan de Bont
3 I like Marlon Brando movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apocalypse Now

1 I watched the films Henry V, The Lion King, Bananas, Diva, The Iron Giant, Sex, Lies, and Videotape, and Matilda and loved them. I'm looking for a portland movie.	Zero Effect
2 Who does that star?	Ben Stiller, Bill Pullman

1 My Neighbor Totoro, Manhattan, and The Dark Knight are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	City of God
2 What else is that about?	Drama, cinematography, Crime, r, Epic, Brazil, foreign, rio de janeiro, favelas, Fernando Meirelles, Alice Braga, favela
3 I rate Jon Avnet movies. Any other suggestions?	Righteous Kill

1 I liked The Italian Job, 10 Things I Hate About You, Elizabeth, The Dark Crystal, American Beauty, Sommersby, and Conspiracy Theory. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Muppets from Space
2 Who is that directed by?	Tim Hill
3 I prefer Eric Lartigau movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I Do

1 I watched the films Starman, Superman II, The Sixth Sense, X-Men, Poltergeist, Stargate, and Superman and loved them. I'm looking for a dc comics movie.	Superman III
2 What else is that about?	superhero, super-hero, dc comics, Superman, dc, Christopher Reeve, Richard Pryor
3 I rate Morgan Freeman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Dark Knight

1 I loved Rebecca, Sense and Sensibility, After Life, The Matrix, Rear Window, Hoop Dreams, and When Harry Met Sally.... I'm looking for a Drama movie.	A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries
2 Who does that star?	Barbara Hershey, Kris Kristofferson, Leelee Sobieski
3 I like Rachel Mwanza movies more. Do you know anything else?	War Witch

1 I loved Pi, Aliens, Braveheart, Alien, Schindler's List, Taxi Driver, and Apocalypse Now. I'm looking for a Documentary movie.	Anne Frank Remembered
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, Kenneth Branagh, Glenn Close
3 I like nature movies more. Do you know anything else?	African Cats

1 Dazed and Confused, Caddyshack, The Patriot, The Abyss, Aladdin, Drop Dead Gorgeous, and The Wrong Trousers are movies I love. I'm looking for a Robert De Niro movie.	The Deer Hunter
2 What else is that about?	War, Robert De Niro, vietnam war, Meryl Streep, Christopher Walken, vietnam, best picture, Russian Roulette, Michael Cimino
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Analyze This

1 Back to the Future, North by Northwest, Glory, Men in Black, Das Boot, Raiders of the Lost Ark, and The Prince of Egypt are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Dwayne Johnson movie.	Hercules
2 What else is that about?	Dwayne Johnson
3 I like Cars movies more. Do you know anything else?	Fast Five

1 I loved Eat Drink Man Woman, Best in Show, American Graffiti, You Can Count on Me, Goodfellas, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and Big Night. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Take the Money and Run
2 What else is that about?	Woody Allen, mockumentary
3 I prefer Brazil movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Rundown

1 Rising Sun, The Boondock Saints, Fletch, Twister, For Your Eyes Only, Broadcast News, and Snake Eyes are films I like. I'm looking for a sequel movie.	The Jewel of the Nile
2 Who does that star?	Michael Douglas, Danny DeVito, Kathleen Turner
3 I like Cameron Diaz movies more. Do you know anything else?	Shrek

1 I liked The Exorcist, The Lord of the Rings, and Wayne's World. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Deliverance
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Thriller, rape, national film registry, Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, John Boorman, banjo, Ned Beatty
3 I rate Jennifer Lopez movies. Any other suggestions?	Parker

1 I like Jurassic Park, The Mask, Iron Man 2, The Silence of the Lambs, X-Men, Apollo 13, and The Mummy. I'm looking for a Guy Pearce movie.	Iron Man 3
2 Who is that directed by?	Shane Black
3 I rate James Mather movies. Any other suggestions?	Lockout

1 Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, Manhattan, Best in Show, East Is East, The Fugitive, Animal House, and Bob Roberts are films I really liked. I'm looking for a William Hurt movie.	Body Heat
2 What else is that about?	directorial debut, noir, William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Lawrence Kasdan, Richard Crenna
3 I rate Holly Hunter movies. Any other suggestions?	Broadcast News

1 I like American Beauty, Casablanca, Stalker, Goodfellas, Pan's Labyrinth, Fight Club, and Wonder Boys. I'm looking for a canadian movie.	Eve and the Fire Horse
2 What else is that about?	canadian
3 I prefer Andrew McCarthy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	New Waterford Girl

1 O Brother, Where Art Thou?, The Sixth Sense, Dogma, Cool Hand Luke, There Will Be Blood, Raging Bull, and Inception are films I liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Lord of War
2 Who is that directed by?	Andrew Niccol
3 I prefer Gabriele Salvatores movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	I'm Not Scared

1 I loved The Man from Earth, Kick-Ass 2, Les Misérables, The Hangover, A Hard Day's Night, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, and Edward Scissorhands. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	A Goofy Movie
2 What else is that about?	disney, goofy, Kevin Lima
3 I rate Toys movies. Any other suggestions?	Toy Story 3

1 I liked Eyes Wide Shut, Primal Fear, Trainspotting, Dancer in the Dark, Metropolis, Little Children, and Meet Joe Black. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Hard Candy
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, r, torture, Ellen Page, David Slade
3 I rate plane crash movies. Any other suggestions?	The Grey

1 Apocalypse Now, Fargo, Reservoir Dogs, Boys Don't Cry, Groundhog Day, Run Lola Run, and Annie Hall are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Paris, Texas
2 Who is that directed by?	Wim Wenders
3 I like Walter Salles movies more. Do you know anything else?	On the Road

1 Brazil, Akira, Dazed and Confused, Fantasia, Ed Wood, The Wrong Trousers, and Fight Club are films I loved. I'm looking for a Jim Henson movie.	Labyrinth
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Henson
3 I like James Frawley movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Muppet Movie

1 Clerks, The Philadelphia Story, Patton, JFK, Fargo, Airplane!, and The Day the Earth Stood Still are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Defending Your Life
2 Who is that directed by?	Albert Brooks
3 I rate Andrew O'Connor movies. Any other suggestions?	Magicians

1 Cast Away, Forrest Gump, Beerfest, Shrek, Aladdin, Superbad, and Mean Girls are films I like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	1408
2 What else is that about?	Horror, psychological, Samuel L. Jackson, Stephen King, John Cusack, Hotel, drowning, manager, Mikael Håfström
3 I rate Gary Oldman movies. Any other suggestions?	The Unborn

1 North by Northwest, My Cousin Vinny, Breakfast at Tiffany's, To Kill a Mockingbird, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Wrong Trousers, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Rudyard Kipling movie.	The Man Who Would Be King
2 Who does that star?	Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer, Sean Connery, Saeed Jaffrey
3 I rate Sabu movies. Any other suggestions?	Jungle Book

1 I love The Hunt for Red October, Hairspray, Wings of Desire, Henry V, Ghostbusters, Aliens, and Some Like It Hot. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Radio Days
2 What else is that about?	Music, Woody Allen, Radio
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back

1 Emma, Hamlet, Jane Eyre, That Thing You Do!, The Godfather, Leaving Las Vegas, and Dead Man Walking are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Sense and Sensibility
2 Who does that star?	Kate Winslet
3 I prefer Jonny Lee Miller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Endgame

1 I really like 21 Grams, The Godfather, Seven Samurai, The Lion King, Toy Story, The Maltese Falcon, and Inland Empire. I'm looking for a Luis Buñuel movie.	Los Olvidados
2 Who is that directed by?	Luis Buñuel

1 King Kong, The Patriot, U-571, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, Sleepless in Seattle, The Matrix, and Predator are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Patch Adams
2 What else is that about?	Drama, Robin Williams, Tom Shadyac
3 I like nuclear war movies more. Do you know anything else?	Testament

1 I like Notorious, Gattaca, The Manchurian Candidate, and Double Indemnity. I'm looking for a remake movie.	The Blob
2 Who is that directed by?	Chuck Russell
3 I prefer Alan Johnson movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	To Be or Not to Be

1 Fearless, The Bourne Identity, The Incredibles, The Matrix, Gladiator, Dangerous Liaisons, and Ratatouille are movies I loved. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Ip Man
2 What else is that about?	Action, martial arts, Donnie Yen, Wing Chun, Wilson Yip, Ip Man
3 I prefer Ridley Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Black Rain

1 I like As Good as It Gets, Batman, The Count of Monte Cristo, The Godfather, Apocalypse Now, Happy Gilmore, and Dead Man Walking. I'm looking for a Michael Caine movie.	The Cider House Rules
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Drama, Michael Caine, Lasse Hallström
3 I prefer Christopher Plummer movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Man Who Would Be King

1 Six Degrees of Separation, American Beauty, Welcome to the Dollhouse, Amélie, Ghost World, and The Opposite of Sex are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Music movie.	Monsoon Wedding
2 Who is that directed by?	Mira Nair
3 I rate Leo Penn movies. Any other suggestions?	A Man Called Adam

1 I love Hoosiers, Gladiator, 127 Hours, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Braveheart, The Graduate, and The Hunt for Red October. I'm looking for a west virginia movie.	The Mothman Prophecies
2 Who is that directed by?	Mark Pellington
3 I prefer John Sayles movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Matewan

1 I watched the films Trading Places, Being There, The Godfather, Blazing Saddles, Leaving Las Vegas, Old School, and American History X and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Graduate
2 Who is that directed by?	Mike Nichols
3 I prefer Delmer Daves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Broken Arrow

1 The Secret of Roan Inish, Corrina, Corrina, Forget Paris, Cliffhanger, Strawberry and Chocolate, Little Women, and While You Were Sleeping are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	Bad Company
2 Who does that star?	Laurence Fishburne, Frank Langella, Ellen Barkin
3 I like Emily Blunt movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adjustment Bureau

1 I liked MASH, My Neighbor Totoro, The Mask of Zorro, Men in Black, Rumble in the Bronx, The Princess Bride, and ¡Three Amigos!. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Ladyhawke
2 Who does that star?	Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer
3 I rate Ewan McGregor movies. Any other suggestions?	Big Fish

1 Sideways, The Unforgiven, Tender Mercies, Jean de Florette, Shakespeare in Love, Pulp Fiction, and The Straight Story are movies I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Elegy
2 What else is that about?	r, Ben Kingsley, Isabel Coixet
3 I like Romance movies more. Do you know anything else?	Veer-Zaara

1 Tombstone, Ocean's Thirteen, The Incredibles, The Last of the Mohicans, The Butterfly Effect, The Bourne Identity, and The Lion King are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	The Da Vinci Code
2 What else is that about?	r, Mystery, Tom Hanks, christianity, controversial, Paris, Jean Reno, book, Audrey Tautou, Ian McKellen, Ron Howard, Paul Bettany, museum, Dan Brown
3 I like Comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mystery Team

1 Run Lola Run, Buffalo '66, Suspiria, Magnolia, Cemetery Man, Fantastic Planet, and Punch-Drunk Love are films I really liked. I'm looking for a national film registry movie.	City Lights
2 Who does that star?	Harry Myers, Virginia Cherrill
3 I rate Veronica Lake movies. Any other suggestions?	Sullivan's Travels

1 I love The Cable Guy, Rumble in the Bronx, Heat, Independence Day, The Juror, The Craft, and Father of the Bride Part II. I'm looking for a Chuck Russell movie.	Eraser
2 Who does that star?	Arnold Schwarzenegger, James Caan
3 I like Peter Riegert movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Mask

1 Saving Private Ryan, Goodfellas, Jaws, Schindler's List, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Patton, and The Great Escape are movies I love. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	On the Waterfront
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Corruption, Marlon Brando, best picture, Elia Kazan, Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb
3 I like screwball movies more. Do you know anything else?	It Happened One Night

1 The Sixth Sense, The Seventh Seal, Shrek, Lost Highway, Jerry Maguire, Sabrina, and Cold Mountain are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Laurence Olivier movie.	Hamlet
2 What else is that about?	murder, shakespeare, Laurence Olivier, Hamlet
3 I rate Paris movies. Any other suggestions?	A Little Romance

1 Braveheart, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Con Air, Henry V, Apollo 13, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, and Courage Under Fire are movies I really like. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Hard Target
2 Who is that directed by?	John Woo
3 I prefer Paul Verhoeven movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Total Recall

1 The Dark Knight, Never Let Me Go, Quiz Show, X-Men, Contact, American Psycho, and Galaxy Quest are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Wet Hot American Summer
2 Who does that star?	Janeane Garofalo, David Hyde Pierce, Marguerite Moreau, Michael Showalter
3 I prefer Groucho Marx movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Double Dynamite

1 Species, Nine Months, Apollo 13, and Ed Wood are movies I liked. I'm looking for a military movie.	Outbreak
2 What else is that about?	Morgan Freeman, military, disease, Wolfgang Petersen
3 I prefer Games movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Ender's Game

1 The Maltese Falcon, Rear Window, Tootsie, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, King Kong, Almost Famous, and Toy Story 2 are movies I liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Full Metal Jacket
2 What else is that about?	War, Stanley Kubrick, vietnam war, vietnam, kubrick, Vincent D'Onofrio, Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, R. Lee Ermey
3 I prefer science movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Avatar

1 Fried Green Tomatoes, Swingers, The Shawshank Redemption, A River Runs Through It, National Lampoon's Vacation, and Bull Durham are films I loved. I'm looking for an Audrey Hepburn movie.	Roman Holiday
2 Who is that directed by?	William Wyler
3 I rate Stanley Donen movies. Any other suggestions?	Funny Face

1 Back to the Future Part II, Sling Blade, Murder in the First, Evita, Sleepers, Poltergeist, and The Joy Luck Club are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Mel Gibson movie.	Lethal Weapon 2
2 What else is that about?	Action, sequel, Mel Gibson, south africa, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer england movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Braveheart

1 Ponyo, Fight Club, Spirited Away, The Dark Knight, Princess Mononoke, Pulp Fiction, and Ip Man 2 are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Moonrise Kingdom
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I prefer Daniel Lapaine movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	48 Shades

1 I liked The Jungle Book, The Great Escape, The Sting, Aladdin, Total Recall, Ben-Hur, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a War movie.	Patton
2 Who does that star?	George C. Scott, Karl Malden
3 I prefer Walter Pidgeon movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Shopworn Angel

1 Braveheart, Sleeper, Grumpier Old Men, Cinderella, Field of Dreams, It's a Wonderful Life, and Victor Victoria are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Platoon
2 What else is that about?	War, r, vietnam war, vietnam, Willem Dafoe, Oliver Stone, Charlie Sheen, best picture, Tom Berenger
3 I prefer bd-r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Heroes for Sale

1 The Man Without a Face, Virtuosity, Species, Dangerous Minds, Strange Days, Pulp Fiction, and Nixon are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Charlie Sheen movie.	Terminal Velocity
2 Who is that directed by?	Deran Sarafian
3 I rate Oliver Stone movies. Any other suggestions?	Platoon

1 Inception, Troy, Lucky Number Slevin, The Hangover, The Matrix, Iron Man, and Ocean's Eleven are movies I like. I'm looking for a Timothy Olyphant movie.	I Am Number Four
2 Who does that star?	Timothy Olyphant, Teresa Palmer, Alex Pettyfer, Dianna Agron
3 I prefer Dougray Scott movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Hitman

1 I really like The Legend of 1900, The Remains of the Day, The Year of Living Dangerously, The Killing Fields, Lawrence of Arabia, Raging Bull, and To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	As Good as It Gets
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson, Greg Kinnear, Helen Hunt
3 I rate Christian Campbell movies. Any other suggestions?	Trick

1 Beetlejuice, Back to the Future, The Fugitive, Lethal Weapon, The Princess Bride, The Three Musketeers, and Raiders of the Lost Ark are movies I love. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	My Cousin Vinny
2 Who does that star?	Joe Pesci, Marisa Tomei, Ralph Macchio, Mitchell Whitfield
3 I like Tom Selleck movies more. Do you know anything else?	Folks!

1 The Shawshank Redemption, As Good as It Gets, Big, Swingers, The Matrix, Traffic, and The Usual Suspects are films I like. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Gosford Park
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I rate Sydney Pollack movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Days of the Condor

1 With Honors, Y Tu Mamá También, Forrest Gump, The Mummy, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, A Beautiful Mind, and Swingers are movies I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Wild Wild West
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Will Smith, steampunk, Salma Hayek, Kenneth Branagh, Kevin Kline, Barry Sonnenfeld
3 I like Jason Statham movies more. Do you know anything else?	The One

1 I watched the films The Iron Giant, North by Northwest, Finding Nemo, Aliens, Back to the Future, Die Hard, and Toy Story and loved them. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Hannah and Her Sisters
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Family, Woody Allen, Manhattan, Carrie Fisher
3 I rate Xavier Dolan movies. Any other suggestions?	I Killed My Mother

1 Crash, Annie, Edward Scissorhands, Alice in Wonderland, Stardust, Labyrinth, and The Sixth Sense are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Trial and Error
2 What else is that about?	Charlize Theron, Jeff Daniels, Michael Richards
3 I prefer Hotel movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Room in Rome

1 Gandhi, Quiz Show, The Godfather, MASH, The Sixth Sense, The Princess Bride, and The Killing Fields are movies I love. I'm looking for a piano movie.	Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould
2 Who does that star?	Colm Feore
3 I rate Isabelle Huppert movies. Any other suggestions?	The Piano Teacher

1 I watched the films Gattaca, Raising Arizona, Trainspotting, That Thing You Do!, Fight Club, Chicago, and The Truman Show and loved them. I'm looking for a Sandra Bullock movie.	Two Weeks Notice
2 What else is that about?	Sandra Bullock, Hugh Grant
3 I like Jon Turteltaub movies more. Do you know anything else?	While You Were Sleeping

1 I watched the films Blade Runner, Independence Day, Sleeper, Apollo 13, Apocalypse Now, The War of the Worlds, and Annie Hall and loved them. I'm looking for a William Friedkin movie.	12 Angry Men
2 Who is that directed by?	William Friedkin

1 The Godfather, Cube, Harvey, Monsters, Inc., Moonrise Kingdom, The Intouchables, and The Hudsucker Proxy are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a tarantino movie.	The Inglorious Bastards
2 What else is that about?	tarantino
3 I rate noir movies. Any other suggestions?	Pulp Fiction

1 The Bourne Supremacy, Aliens, Fight Club, Armageddon, Highlander, Searching for Bobby Fischer, and Taxi Driver are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Dave
2 What else is that about?	Sigourney Weaver, Kevin Kline, Ivan Reitman
3 I prefer Comedy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Chalet Girl

1 The Silence of the Lambs, Forrest Gump, Jumanji, True Lies, The Lion King, Species, and To Die For are movies I loved. I'm looking for a comic book movie.	The Mask
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, superhero, comic book, Magic, Jim Carrey, mafia, own, Cameron Diaz, ok, green, Chuck Russell
3 I prefer cgi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

1 The Odd Couple, Wings, North by Northwest, Roman Holiday, Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!, My Darling Clementine, and Brazil are movies I love. I'm looking for a medieval movie.	The Virgin Spring
2 What else is that about?	Revenge, rape, medieval, Ingmar Bergman
3 I like chess movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Seventh Seal

1 Spy Game, Princess Mononoke, Fight Club, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Princess Bride, Boiler Room, and Romeo + Juliet are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Will Smith movie.	The Legend of Bagger Vance
2 Who does that star?	Matt Damon, Will Smith, Charlize Theron
3 I like Josh Brolin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Men in Black 3

1 Edward Scissorhands, American History X, Fight Club, In Bruges, The Royal Tenenbaums, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, and The Fifth Element are movies I love. I'm looking for a Takeshi Kaneshiro movie.	House of Flying Daggers
2 Who does that star?	Andy Lau, Takeshi Kaneshiro
3 I like Anne Suzuki movies more. Do you know anything else?	Returner

1 I really liked Blade Runner, The Big Lebowski, American Beauty, Back to the Future, Blazing Saddles, Batman Begins, and Back to the Future Part II. I'm looking for a Western movie.	¡Three Amigos!
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, John Landis, Martin Short
3 I like Seth MacFarlane movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Million Ways to Die in the West

1 Jack, Space Jam, Chain Reaction, Primal Fear, The Island of Dr. Moreau, Spy Hard, and A Time to Kill are films I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Kazaam
2 Who does that star?	Shaquille O'Neal
3 I prefer Emma Roberts movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Adult World

1 Take the Money and Run, The Matrix, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Nosferatu, Duck Soup, On the Waterfront, and Blazing Saddles are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Beat the Devil
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Crime, John Huston
3 I rate Alec Guinness movies. Any other suggestions?	The Man in the White Suit

1 I love Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?, My Fair Lady, Dead Man Walking, American Beauty, The Shawshank Redemption, The Maltese Falcon, and A Streetcar Named Desire. I'm looking for an Action movie.	The Guns of Navarone
2 Who is that directed by?	J. Lee Thompson
3 I like William Friedkin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The French Connection

1 Chasing Mavericks, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Green Mile, Blood Diamond, The Silence of the Lambs, Fight Club, and Food, Inc. are films I really like. I'm looking for a decent movie.	Ned Kelly
2 Who does that star?	Mick Jagger, Mark McManus

1 Speed, Four Weddings and a Funeral, The Shawshank Redemption, Taxi Driver, Crimson Tide, Sleepless in Seattle, and Pulp Fiction are films I really liked. I'm looking for a suicide movie.	Leaving Las Vegas
2 Who does that star?	Nicolas Cage, Elisabeth Shue
3 I like Pierce Brosnan movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Long Way Down

1 The Man Who Wasn't There, Casino, Shrek, 21 Grams, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Once Upon a Time in America, and Lost in Translation are movies I like. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Princess Mononoke
2 What else is that about?	Fantasy, Adventure, Drama, anime, japan, studio ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki, Japanese, miyazaki, forest, Princess, gods, historical fantasy
3 I rate disney movies. Any other suggestions?	Finding Nemo

1 The Piano, Aladdin, Apollo 13, Mrs. Doubtfire, Dances with Wolves, Schindler's List, and Toy Story are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Harrison Ford movie.	The Fugitive
2 What else is that about?	Action, murder, Harrison Ford, Tommy Lee Jones, fugitive, Andrew Davis
3 I rate remake movies. Any other suggestions?	Sabrina

1 Schindler's List, Animal House, Auntie Mame, Stand by Me, Legends of the Fall, Misery, and The Usual Suspects are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds
2 Who is that directed by?	Paul Newman
3 I like Lasse Hallström movies more. Do you know anything else?	Dear John

1 Witness for the Prosecution, Rififi, Charade, Young Frankenstein, Sabrina, Vertigo, and Cool Hand Luke are films I love. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	The Last Detail
2 Who does that star?	Jack Nicholson
3 I like Jean Sorel movies more. Do you know anything else?	Belle de Jour

1 I really like Men of Honor, Stardust, Cypher, Cashback, Pan's Labyrinth, Blow, and Pay It Forward. I'm looking for a r movie.	Monsieur Ibrahim
2 Who is that directed by?	François Dupeyron
3 I prefer Bob Giraldi movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Dinner Rush

1 Braveheart, The Lion King, Jurassic Park, The Silence of the Lambs, Pulp Fiction, Apollo 13, and Forrest Gump are movies I like. I'm looking for a Tom Cruise movie.	The Firm
2 What else is that about?	Thriller, Tom Cruise, Gene Hackman, John Grisham, David Strathairn
3 I rate Cameron Diaz movies. Any other suggestions?	Vanilla Sky

1 Crimes and Misdemeanors, The Graduate, Gosford Park, The Apostle, Midnight Cowboy, Local Hero, and Do the Right Thing are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Leo McCarey movie.	Duck Soup
2 Who is that directed by?	Leo McCarey

1 Schindler's List, The Exorcist, Chariots of Fire, 12 Angry Men, The Sound of Music, Psycho, and Life Is Beautiful are films I really liked. I'm looking for a kusturica movie.	Underground
2 Who is that directed by?	Emir Kusturica

1 I really liked North by Northwest, The Thin Man, To Catch a Thief, The Bridge on the River Kwai, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Lawrence of Arabia, and My Life as a Dog. I'm looking for a world war ii movie.	Swing Kids
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, germany, youth, Thomas Carter
3 I rate Biography movies. Any other suggestions?	To Hell and Back

1 Much Ado About Nothing, Toy Story, The Fugitive, Sense and Sensibility, Apollo 13, Shadowlands, and Speed are films I really like. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Searching for Bobby Fischer
2 What else is that about?	Ben Kingsley, chess, Laurence Fishburne, prodigy, Joe Mantegna, Steven Zaillian
3 I like Andrew Niccol movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Truman Show

1 I liked The Producers, Fargo, Big Night, Sullivan's Travels, Psycho, Ninotchka, and In the Name of the Father. I'm looking for a Spencer Tracy movie.	Inherit the Wind
2 Who is that directed by?	Stanley Kramer
3 I like Harold S. Bucquet movies more. Do you know anything else?	Without Love

1 I really liked Red Dragon, Frida, The Score, There's Something About Mary, Indecent Proposal, 21 Grams, and Ronin. I'm looking for a loneliness movie.	Talk to Her
2 Who is that directed by?	Pedro Almodóvar

1 I really like The Princess Bride, Avatar, The Bourne Supremacy, The Dark Knight Rises, American Beauty, The Shawshank Redemption, and Departures. I'm looking for a Mystery movie.	Gone Girl
2 Who is that directed by?	David Fincher
3 I like David Lynch movies more. Do you know anything else?	Inland Empire

1 I watched the films Maverick, Ghost, The Lion King, Jumanji, Mrs. Doubtfire, Beauty and the Beast, and Stargate and loved them. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Santa Clause
2 Who is that directed by?	John Pasquin
3 I rate Frank Capra movies. Any other suggestions?	Platinum Blonde

1 I like National Lampoon's Vacation, Fitzcarraldo, Airplane!, The Wizard of Oz, Man on Wire, The Blair Witch Project, and JFK. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Parenthood
2 Who does that star?	Steve Martin, Mary Steenburgen, Dianne Wiest, Jason Robards
3 I rate Josh Hutcherson movies. Any other suggestions?	Little Manhattan

1 Philadelphia, L.A. Confidential, In the Name of the Father, Ordinary People, Alien, The Princess Bride, and The Godfather are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Gallipoli
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Australia, australian, turkey, Peter Weir, Running, 1910s
3 I rate clinton movies. Any other suggestions?	The Special Relationship

1 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Saving Private Ryan, The Hangover, and Pineapple Express are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	Jarhead
2 What else is that about?	War, Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, Sam Mendes
3 I prefer story movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Braveheart

1 My Fair Lady, Fight Club, Donnie Darko, Brokeback Mountain, Edward Scissorhands, Blood Diamond, and The Hangover are films I loved. I'm looking for a Ben Stiller movie.	Reality Bites
2 Who does that star?	Ethan Hawke, Winona Ryder, Steve Zahn, Janeane Garofalo
3 I like Owen Wilson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Little Fockers

1 Dead Man, Delicatessen, Hoop Dreams, Raging Bull, The Wizard of Oz, Spellbound, and Down by Law are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	MASH
2 Who does that star?	Donald Sutherland, Tom Skerritt, Elliott Gould, Sally Kellerman
3 I like Christopher Lloyd movies more. Do you know anything else?	Baby Geniuses

1 Little Big Man, Blazing Saddles, The Graduate, Seven Samurai, The Time Machine, The Day the Earth Stood Still, and Dead Poets Society are films I like. I'm looking for an Epic movie.	Das Boot
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, War, Epic, German, Wolfgang Petersen, u-boat
3 I like Maya movies more. Do you know anything else?	Apocalypto

1 I really liked King Kong, Mulholland Drive, A Fistful of Dollars, The Usual Suspects, The Princess Bride, The Hudsucker Proxy, and Sleeping Beauty. I'm looking for a Peter Lorre movie.	The Man Who Knew Too Much
2 Who does that star?	Peter Lorre
3 I rate Joan Fontaine movies. Any other suggestions?	Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea

1 I really liked An Affair to Remember, Aliens, Rocky, Tootsie, The Matrix, Sabrina, and The Quiet Man. I'm looking for a best picture movie.	My Fair Lady
2 Who is that directed by?	George Cukor
3 I rate Joseph L. Mankiewicz movies. Any other suggestions?	All About Eve

1 I love The Dark Knight, The Matrix, Forrest Gump, Children of Men, Reservoir Dogs, An American Werewolf in London, and Sicko. I'm looking for a William Wyler movie.	The Best Years of Our Lives
2 What else is that about?	world war ii, best picture, William Wyler, Myrna Loy, veterans, Fredric March, Dana Andrews, Coming Home, Teresa Wright
3 I prefer american civil war movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Friendly Persuasion

1 I love Jurassic Park, Hackers, Strange Days, The Net, Braveheart, Pulp Fiction, and Natural Born Killers. I'm looking for a Sharon Stone movie.	Sliver
2 What else is that about?	Sharon Stone, Tom Berenger
3 I like Gene Hackman movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Quick and the Dead

1 Annie Hall, Dog Day Afternoon, Animal House, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Pulp Fiction, MASH, and The Princess Bride are films I like. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Harold and Maude
2 Who is that directed by?	Hal Ashby
3 I like Mike Newell movies more. Do you know anything else?	Four Weddings and a Funeral

1 The Last Picture Show, Get Shorty, The Remains of the Day, Four Weddings and a Funeral, His Girl Friday, Sleepless in Seattle, and The Fugitive are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Drop Dead Gorgeous
2 What else is that about?	black comedy, mockumentary, Kirsten Dunst, Amy Adams, minnesota, beauty pageant
3 I rate George Cukor movies. Any other suggestions?	It Should Happen to You

1 I really like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, The Goonies, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Spider-Man, Finding Neverland, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, and About a Boy. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	That Thing You Do!
2 What else is that about?	Music, Tom Hanks
3 I prefer google movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Internship

1 The Rock and Mr. Holland's Opus are films I liked. I'm looking for a Gary Sinise movie.	Ransom
2 Who is that directed by?	Ron Howard
3 I rate Anthony Stacchi movies. Any other suggestions?	Open Season

1 The Usual Suspects, The Shawshank Redemption, American Beauty, The Hurricane, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, and High Fidelity are films I like. I'm looking for a Clive Owen movie.	Croupier
2 What else is that about?	Clive Owen
3 I prefer r movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Shoot 'Em Up

1 I liked Independence Day, The Fugitive, Grumpier Old Men, Clear and Present Danger, GoldenEye, Eraser, and Phenomenon. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Rob Roy
2 What else is that about?	Liam Neeson, Tim Roth, Jessica Lange
3 I prefer Meryl Streep movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The River Wild

1 Dial M for Murder, Raging Bull, Arsenic and Old Lace, Citizen Kane, The Killing Fields, To Kill a Mockingbird, and All About Eve are films I really liked. I'm looking for a 1950s movie.	Quiz Show
2 Who does that star?	Ralph Fiennes, John Turturro, Paul Scofield, Rob Morrow
3 I like Henrik Lundström movies more. Do you know anything else?	Evil

1 The Usual Suspects, Living in Oblivion, Sling Blade, Life Is Beautiful, Diva, Pulp Fiction, and The Sweet Hereafter are movies I love. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Drugstore Cowboy
2 What else is that about?	drugs, Gus Van Sant, Heather Graham
3 I like Jonathan Lynn movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Whole Nine Yards

1 I liked The Usual Suspects, Fight Club, Braveheart, Dogma, The Silence of the Lambs, Ocean's Eleven, and The Matrix. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Red Dragon
2 Who does that star?	Edward Norton, Ralph Fiennes, Anthony Hopkins, Harvey Keitel
3 I like Danny Lee movies more. Do you know anything else?	City on Fire

1 Hook, The Odd Couple, Young Frankenstein, Force 10 from Navarone, Cabaret, Inherit the Wind, and Titanic are movies I love. I'm looking for a Romance movie.	Murphy's Romance
2 Who is that directed by?	Martin Ritt
3 I like William Nicholson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Firelight

1 Mrs. Doubtfire, Ghost, Braveheart, Schindler's List, Philadelphia, The Usual Suspects, and Forrest Gump are films I loved. I'm looking for a Pierce Brosnan movie.	GoldenEye
2 What else is that about?	james bond, bond, Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench
3 I like assassin movies more. Do you know anything else?	The World Is Not Enough

1 Innerspace, City Slickers, Adventures in Babysitting, You've Got Mail, Wag the Dog, Almost Heroes, and Bull Durham are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Necessary Roughness
2 What else is that about?	College, football
3 I prefer Miles Teller movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Two Night Stand

1 Cabaret and Shrek are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a depression movie.	The Hours
2 What else is that about?	Drama, mental illness, Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep, women, depression, 1950s, Julianne Moore, aids, Ed Harris, Virginia Woolf, Stephen Daldry
3 I rate Jason Biggs movies. Any other suggestions?	Prozac Nation

1 Rear Window, Cool Hand Luke, The Big Chill, The Usual Suspects, Taxi Driver, The Return of the Pink Panther, and MASH are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Forest Whitaker movie.	Smoke
2 Who does that star?	Harvey Keitel
3 I rate Nate Parker movies. Any other suggestions?	The Great Debaters

1 Jurassic Park, Independence Day, The Rock, The Crow, The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, and Clerks are films I love. I'm looking for a controversial movie.	Natural Born Killers
2 What else is that about?	Crime, violent, Love, controversial, Tommy Lee Jones, Woody Harrelson, Oliver Stone, Juliette Lewis, media
3 I rate Martin Scorsese movies. Any other suggestions?	The Last Temptation of Christ

1 Gummo, American Beauty, Fight Club, The Dreamers, Punch-Drunk Love, Magnolia, and Closer are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Me and You and Everyone We Know
2 Who is that directed by?	Miranda July
3 I rate Brad Silberling movies. Any other suggestions?	Land of the Lost

1 I watched the films Howl's Moving Castle, Corpse Bride, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Wanted, The Covenant, All Dogs Go to Heaven 2, and Big Fish and loved them. I'm looking for a Shia LaBeouf movie.	Eagle Eye
2 What else is that about?	Shia LaBeouf, Michelle Monaghan, ne
3 I prefer Drama movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Lawless

1 The Matrix, Avatar, Serenity, Fight Club, Good Will Hunting, Sin City, and City of God are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Shoot 'Em Up
2 Who does that star?	Clive Owen, Paul Giamatti, Monica Bellucci
3 I prefer Joseph Mazzello movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Simon Birch

1 Sleeping Beauty, The African Queen, Sleeper, West Side Story, The Jungle Book, The Secret of Roan Inish, and The Lion King are movies I liked. I'm looking for a bond movie.	Tomorrow Never Dies
2 What else is that about?	james bond, spy, bond, Pierce Brosnan
3 I rate Daniel Craig movies. Any other suggestions?	Casino Royale

1 I like The Name of the Rose, The Circle, The Usual Suspects, La Cage aux Folles, In the Mood for Love, Sling Blade, and The Lion King. I'm looking for a Drama movie.	Manderlay
2 What else is that about?	Lars von Trier, Bryce Dallas Howard
3 I like Paul Schrader movies more. Do you know anything else?	Auto Focus

1 Clerks, Being John Malkovich, Idle Hands, and Magnolia are movies I liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Go
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Sarah Polley, Timothy Olyphant, Katie Holmes, Doug Liman
3 I rate Madonna movies. Any other suggestions?	The Next Best Thing

1 I liked Tommy Boy, Billy Madison, Newsies, Young Guns, Varsity Blues, Scary Movie, and Gladiator. I'm looking for a boarding school movie.	Outside Providence
2 What else is that about?	boarding school
3 I prefer Swedish movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Evil

1 The Shawshank Redemption, Out of Africa, The English Patient, The Thin Red Line, American Beauty, Pulp Fiction, and Fight Club are films I loved. I'm looking for a Life movie.	Dreams
2 What else is that about?	Dreams, Akira Kurosawa, kurosawa, Life
3 I rate Comedy movies. Any other suggestions?	The Family Man

1 I like The Candidate, A Streetcar Named Desire, Waiting to Exhale, Sense and Sensibility, Othello, Bonnie and Clyde, and The Bridges of Madison County. I'm looking for a Sam Wood movie.	For Whom the Bell Tolls
2 Who is that directed by?	Sam Wood
3 I prefer Victor Fleming movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Gone with the Wind

1 The Emperor's New Groove, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Muppet Movie, Pee-wee's Big Adventure, Superbad, and The Royal Tenenbaums are films I really like. I'm looking for a sex movie.	Zack and Miri Make a Porno
2 Who does that star?	Seth Rogen, Elizabeth Banks
3 I rate Caveh Zahedi movies. Any other suggestions?	I Am a Sex Addict

1 The Thing, The Fugitive, Mars Attacks!, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Hellboy, and Aliens are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	Bordello of Blood
2 Who does that star?	Dennis Miller, Erika Eleniak, Angie Everhart
3 I like Warwick Davis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Leprechaun

1 I like A Fistful of Dollars, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, The Princess Bride, The Crow, The Matrix, Unforgiven, and The Silence of the Lambs. I'm looking for a Western movie.	For a Few Dollars More
2 What else is that about?	Clint Eastwood, Western, spaghetti western, Sergio Leone, Italian, Klaus Kinski, eastwood, Lee Van Cleef, dollars trilogy
3 I prefer Delmer Daves movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Jubal

1 I liked The Godfather, It Happened One Night, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Big Sleep, Harvey, Gladiator, and Strangers on a Train. I'm looking for a Sean Connery movie.	Darby O'Gill and the Little People
2 What else is that about?	disney, Sean Connery, Robert Stevenson
3 I like steampunk movies more. Do you know anything else?	The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen

1 I liked Gladiator, War of the Worlds, The Green Mile, and Cast Away. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	Troy
2 Who does that star?	Brian Cox
3 I like John Derek movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Adventures of Hajji Baba

1 Eyes Wide Shut, Aliens, Brazil, Being John Malkovich, The Big Lebowski, Natural Born Killers, and Do the Right Thing are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Gus Van Sant movie.	My Own Private Idaho
2 Who is that directed by?	Gus Van Sant

1 The Godfather, Fargo, Platoon, Cool Hand Luke, Full Metal Jacket, Schindler's List, and Raging Bull are movies I really liked. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who is that directed by?	George B. Seitz
3 I like Tony Richardson movies more. Do you know anything else?	Tom Jones

1 Superstar, Field of Dreams, Remember the Titans, American Pie, Back to the Future, Reindeer Games, and Adventures in Babysitting are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	The Private Eyes
2 Who does that star?	Don Knotts, Tim Conway
3 I rate Sandy Duncan movies. Any other suggestions?	The Million Dollar Duck

1 I really liked Beetlejuice, Sense and Sensibility, True Lies, Four Weddings and a Funeral, Casablanca, The Philadelphia Story, and The Player. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Labyrinth
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Fantasy, Adventure, Music, Musical, Jennifer Connelly, David Bowie, puppets, Jim Henson, Maze, quest
3 I rate Zach Braff movies. Any other suggestions?	Oz the Great and Powerful

1 I like Tommy, Halloween, The Wizard of Oz, The Howling, The Body Snatcher, The King and I, and Grease. I'm looking for a Dracula movie.	House of Frankenstein
2 What else is that about?	Dracula, frankenstein's monster, universal
3 I rate Horror movies. Any other suggestions?	Dracula

1 A Night at the Opera, Clue, Good Will Hunting, Empire Records, Life Is Beautiful, Pete's Dragon, and The Philadelphia Story are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Big Business
2 Who is that directed by?	Jim Abrahams
3 I prefer Garth Jennings movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Son of Rambow

1 Beverly Hills Cop, The Game, La Femme Nikita, The Terminator, True Romance, Manhunter, and The Silence of the Lambs are films I liked. I'm looking for an Action movie.	Lethal Weapon
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, Action, Mel Gibson, series, Danny Glover, Richard Donner, Buddy
3 I prefer Arnold Schwarzenegger movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Last Stand

1 To Catch a Thief, Dead Poets Society, Unbreakable, Gladiator, Memento, Ben-Hur, and It's a Wonderful Life are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Barbara Stanwyck movie.	Meet John Doe
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Frank Capra, Barbara Stanwyck, Gary Cooper
3 I prefer Henry Fonda movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Lady Eve

1 I liked Children of Men, The Hangover, Donnie Darko, The Wrestler, Escape from Alcatraz, The Shining, and American Gangster. I'm looking for an Action movie.	2 Fast 2 Furious
2 What else is that about?	Eva Mendes, Paul Walker, John Singleton, Cole Hauser
3 I like Will Smith movies more. Do you know anything else?	Men in Black II

1 MASH, Independence Day, Ghostbusters, And Now for Something Completely Different, Harvey, Superman, and The Matrix are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off
2 What else is that about?	Comedy, High School, John Hughes, Chicago, Matthew Broderick, breaks the fourth wall
3 I prefer Jean Gabin movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	A Monkey in Winter

1 I watched the films Blade Runner, Casablanca, MASH, Chinatown, Tender Mercies, Taxi Driver, and Doctor Zhivago and loved them. I'm looking for a Musical movie.	My Fair Lady
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Music, Musical, story, Broadway, best picture, George Cukor, George Bernard Shaw
3 I like country music movies more. Do you know anything else?	Rhinestone

1 Predator, A Clockwork Orange, The Blues Brothers, American History X, Porco Rosso, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Michelle Trachtenberg movie.	EuroTrip
2 Who is that directed by?	David Mandel, Jeff Schaffer, Alec Berg
3 I prefer Bronwen Hughes movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Harriet the Spy

1 I loved Rear Window, Blade Runner, Apocalypse Now, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, Alien, Das Boot, and Badlands. I'm looking for a teen movie.	Show Me Love
2 Who is that directed by?	Lukas Moodysson
3 I rate Justin Lin movies. Any other suggestions?	Better Luck Tomorrow

1 Wag the Dog, Being John Malkovich, Aladdin, Aliens, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Dark Crystal, and Night of the Living Dead are films I really like. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Frighteners
2 What else is that about?	ghosts, supernatural, Peter Jackson, Michael J. Fox, cult
3 I prefer Ti West movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The House of the Devil

1 Dead Poets Society, The NeverEnding Story, Labyrinth, The Land Before Time, Seven Psychopaths, The Lion King, and The Fall are films I loved. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	Silver Linings Playbook
2 What else is that about?	Drama, r, Robert De Niro, dance, Romantic Comedy, Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper, Julia Stiles, Chris Tucker, David O. Russell, Oscar
3 I like Petter Næss movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mozart and the Whale

1 Heavy Metal, The Hudsucker Proxy, The Shadow, Legends of the Fall, Apollo 13, Don Juan DeMarco, and Independence Day are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a Geena Davis movie.	Cutthroat Island
2 Who is that directed by?	Renny Harlin
3 I prefer Julien Temple movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Earth Girls Are Easy

1 Mighty Aphrodite, Shrek, Das Boot, Sling Blade, Pulp Fiction, and Aladdin are films I really liked. I'm looking for a War movie.	MASH
2 Who is that directed by?	Robert Altman
3 I rate David Lean movies. Any other suggestions?	The Bridge on the River Kwai

1 I like Memento, Red Dragon, Minority Report, High Fidelity, The Motorcycle Diaries, Hero, and About a Boy. I'm looking for a Donald Sutherland movie.	Without Limits
2 Who does that star?	Billy Crudup, Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Sisto, Monica Potter
3 I like Alec Baldwin movies more. Do you know anything else?	Path to War

1 I loved Good Will Hunting, Fight Club, The Matrix, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Saving Private Ryan, and Braveheart. I'm looking for a Comedy movie.	28 Days
2 Who is that directed by?	Betty Thomas
3 I prefer Alex Holdridge movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	In Search of a Midnight Kiss

1 America's Sweethearts, Rush Hour, The Usual Suspects, Rush Hour 2, Donnie Darko, The Sixth Sense, and The Mummy Returns are films I really like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Boondock Saints
2 What else is that about?	Crime, mafia, Vigilante, Willem Dafoe, Brothers, Twins, boston, Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus
3 I like tennis movies more. Do you know anything else?	Strangers on a Train

1 I love Aliens, Ghostbusters, Big Hero 6, City of God, The Matrix, Blood Diamond, and The Big Lebowski. I'm looking for a Hotel movie.	The Grand Budapest Hotel
2 Who is that directed by?	Wes Anderson
3 I like Herbert Ross movies more. Do you know anything else?	California Suite

1 I loved West Side Story, Forrest Gump, The Silence of the Lambs, Hedwig and the Angry Inch, Beautiful Girls, The Talented Mr. Ripley, and Cool Hand Luke. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	Sleeping Beauty
2 What else is that about?	classic, Fantasy, Music, disney, fairy tale, animated, fairy tales, G, super technirama 70, Clyde Geronimi
3 I like Reese Witherspoon movies more. Do you know anything else?	Pleasantville

1 The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Braveheart, A Clockwork Orange, Fight Club, Shaun of the Dead, Brazil, and Akira are films I love. I'm looking for a Horror movie.	The Ring
2 Who is that directed by?	Gore Verbinski
3 I like Luis Llosa movies more. Do you know anything else?	Anaconda

1 Monsters, Inc., Pulp Fiction, The Shawshank Redemption, Reservoir Dogs, Finding Nemo, Gandhi, and A Beautiful Mind are movies I really like. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Silence of the Lambs
2 Who is that directed by?	Jonathan Demme
3 I rate John Singleton movies. Any other suggestions?	Abduction

1 The Wrong Trousers, Moulin Rouge!, Tom Jones, Fantasia, Taxi Driver, The Hours, and Charade are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Warren Beatty movie.	Heaven Can Wait
2 Who does that star?	Julie Christie, Warren Beatty
3 I like William Daniels movies more. Do you know anything else?	The Parallax View

1 A Clockwork Orange, Apocalypse Now, The Shawshank Redemption, Donnie Darko, The Matrix, and Eyes Wide Shut are films I really liked. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	Rounders
2 What else is that about?	Edward Norton, Matt Damon, poker, money, John Dahl
3 I rate Kiefer Sutherland movies. Any other suggestions?	Freeway

1 Metropolis, Dead Again, Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade, The Day the Earth Stood Still, Rear Window, The Thin Man, and Schindler's List are movies I liked. I'm looking for a disney movie.	Bedknobs and Broomsticks
2 What else is that about?	disney, Magic, Musical, London, Angela Lansbury, Robert Stevenson
3 I prefer detective movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Great Mouse Detective

1 Pulp Fiction, Rear Window, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, and The Princess Bride are movies I like. I'm looking for a Crime movie.	The Usual Suspects
2 Who is that directed by?	Bryan Singer
3 I prefer Perry Henzell movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	The Harder They Come

1 I love Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, Elephant, The Chorus, Magnolia, Schindler's List, Happiness, and Amélie. I'm looking for a Denys Arcand movie.	The Decline of the American Empire
2 What else is that about?	Denys Arcand
3 I rate jesus movies. Any other suggestions?	Jesus of Montreal

1 Big, Unforgiven, Catch Me If You Can, Love and Death, The Wizard of Oz, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I love. I'm looking for an Adventure movie.	The Last of the Mohicans
2 Who is that directed by?	George B. Seitz
3 I like Stewart Raffill movies more. Do you know anything else?	Mac and Me

1 The Butterfly Effect, Top Gun, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Fight Club, Beetlejuice, The Little Mermaid, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade are movies I loved. I'm looking for a Bernie Mac movie.	Ocean's Twelve
2 What else is that about?	Brad Pitt, ensemble cast, Matt Damon, Heist, George Clooney, Julia Roberts, Don Cheadle, Steven Soderbergh, Bernie Mac, heist film
3 I like black comedy movies more. Do you know anything else?	Bad Santa

1 Papillon, The Graduate, Crash, 25th Hour, The 400 Blows, Fargo, and The Blues Brothers are films I love. I'm looking for a Hirokazu Koreeda movie.	Nobody Knows
2 Who does that star?	Hiei Kimura, Ayu Kitaura
3 I rate Makiko Esumi movies. Any other suggestions?	Maborosi

1 Jean de Florette, The Pianist, Stalker, Big Deal on Madonna Street, Wonderland, The Godfather, and Red Beard are films I love. I'm looking for a Michael Winterbottom movie.	Go Now
2 What else is that about?	Michael Winterbottom
3 I like soundtrack movies more. Do you know anything else?	Code 46

1 I liked American Psycho, Eyes Wide Shut, Prisoners, Black Swan, City of God, Ocean's Eleven, and Enemy. I'm looking for a Thriller movie.	The Butterfly Effect
2 Who is that directed by?	J. Mackye Gruber, Eric Bress
3 I like Neil Marshall movies more. Do you know anything else?	Doomsday

1 Roman Holiday, My Fair Lady, Shadowlands, Small Time Crooks, The Matrix, Never Been Kissed, and Sabrina are movies I love. I'm looking for a Fantasy movie.	The Little Mermaid
2 What else is that about?	Animation, Music, disney, own, animated, disney animated feature, Mermaid, disney renaissance, Ron Clements, John Musker
3 I prefer Fantasy movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Fire and Ice

1 I like Double Jeopardy, Enemy of the State, Big Momma's House, The Truman Show, The Waterboy, Tarantula, and The Gods Must Be Crazy. I'm looking for a Christina Ricci movie.	Casper
2 What else is that about?	Family, ghosts, Christina Ricci, Ghost, Eric Idle
3 I prefer Jason Biggs movies. Can you suggest an alternative?	Prozac Nation

1 I love Leaving Las Vegas, Babe, Circle of Friends, Legends of the Fall, To Die For, The Brothers McMullen, and Boys on the Side. I'm looking for a new york city movie.	Kids
2 Who does that star?	Justin Pierce, Leo Fitzpatrick
3 I rate Kurt Russell movies. Any other suggestions?	Escape from New York

1 Mr. Holland's Opus, The Shawshank Redemption, Contact, Braveheart, Aladdin, The Bridges of Madison County, and Sling Blade are films I like. I'm looking for a venice movie.	Dangerous Beauty
2 Who does that star?	Rufus Sewell, Oliver Platt, Catherine McCormack
3 I like Diane Lane movies more. Do you know anything else?	A Little Romance

1 Raiders of the Lost Ark, Akira, The 13th Warrior, The Silence of the Lambs, The Sum of All Fears, Space Jam, and Contact are movies I really liked. I'm looking for a satirical movie.	They Live
2 What else is that about?	bd-r, Aliens, satirical, John Carpenter, Keith David
3 I rate gulf war movies. Any other suggestions?	Three Kings

1 Casino, Unforgiven, Stand by Me, Watchmen, Superbad, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Blade Runner are films I really liked. I'm looking for an arthurian legend movie.	King Arthur
2 Who is that directed by?	Antoine Fuqua
3 I rate Jerry Zucker movies. Any other suggestions?	First Knight


